Song 1. His Lovingkindness

Awake, my soul, to joyful lays, And sing thy great Redeemer's praise;
He justly claims a song from me, His lovingkindness, oh, how free!
Lovingkindness, loving kindness, His lovingkindness, oh, how free!

He saw me ruined by the fall, Yet loved me notwithstanding all;
He saved me from my lost estate, His lovingkindness, oh, how great!
Lovingkindness, loving kindness, His lovingkindness, oh, how great!

When trouble, like a gloomy cloud, Has gathered thick and thundered loud,
He near my soul has always stood, His lovingkindness, oh, how good!
Lovingkindness, loving kindness, His lovingkindness, oh, how good!

Soon shall we mount and soar away To the bright realms of endless day,
And sing, with rapture and surprise, His lovingkindness, in the skies!
Lovingkindness, loving kindness, His lovingkindness, in the skies!

©


Song 2. A Debtor to Mercy Alone

A debtor to mercy alone, 
Of covenant mercy I sing,
Nor fear, with God's righteousness on, 
My person and off'rings to bring.
The terrors of law and of God 
With me can have nothing to do;
My Savior's obedience and blood 
Hide all my transgressions from view.

The work which His goodness began, 
The arm of His strength will complete;
His promise is Yea and Amen, 
And never was forfeited yet.
Things future, nor things that are now, 
Not all things below or above,
Can make Him His purpose forego, 
Or sever my soul from His love.

My name from the palms of His hands 
Eternity will not erase;
Impressed on His heart, it remains 
In marks of indelible grace.
Yes! I to the end shall endure, 
As sure as the earnest is giv'n;
More happy, but not more secure, 
The souls of the blessed in heav'n.

©


Song 4. Break Forth and Sing

Break forth and sing the song Of Glory to the Lamb!
Wake ev'ry heart and ev'ry tongue, To praise the Saviour's name!

Sing of His dying love; Sing of His rising pow'r;
Sing how He intercedes above For those whose sins He bore.

Sing on your heav'nly road; Ye sons of glory, sing;
To the ascended Lamb of God, Your cheerful praises bring.

Soon shall we hear Him say, Ye ransomed pilgrims, come;
Soon will He call us hence away, And take us to His home.

Then shall each raptured tongue, His fullest praise proclaim;
And sweeter voices wake the song Of Glory to the Lamb!

©


Song 5. Behold, What Love! (words only)

[Recordings forthcoming, Lord willing]

Behold, what love, what boundless love, The Father hath bestowed
On sinners lost, that we should be Now called the sons of God!

C. Behold, what manner of love! 
What manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us,
That we, that we should be called,
Should be called the sons of God.

No longer far from Him, but now By "precious blood" made nigh;
Accepted in the "Well-beloved," Near to God's heart we lie.

What we in glory soon shall be, It doth not yet appear;
But when our precious Lord we see, We shall His image bear.

With such a blessed hope in view, We would more holy be,
More like our risen, glorious Lord, Whose face we soon shall see.

©


Song 6. The Matchless Worth

Come let us sing the matchless worth, 
And sweetly sound the glories forth
Which in the Savior shine:
To God and Christ our praises bring;
The song, with which the heavens ring,
Now let us gladly join, Now let us gladly join.

How rich the precious blood He spilt,
Our ransom from the dreadful guilt
Of sin against our God.
How perfect is His righteousness,
In which unspotted beauteous dress
His saints have always stood,
His saints have always stood.

Great are the offices He bears
And bright His character appears,
Exalted on the throne;
In songs of sweet untiring praise
We would to everlasting days,
Make all His glories known,
Make all His glories known.

And soon the happy day shall come
When we shall reach our destined home,
And see Him face to face;
Then with our Savior, Master, Friend, 
The glad eternity we'll spend,
And celebrate His grace,
And celebrate his grace.

©


Song 9. Worthy the Lamb, for He Was Slain (words only)

Come, let us sing the song of songs,
The saints in heaven began the strain,
The worship which to Christ belongs:
"Worthy the Lamb, for He was slain!"

Slain to redeem us by His blood,
To cleanse from every sinful stain,
And make us kings and priests to God;
"Worthy the Lamb, for He was slain!"

To Him who suffered on the tree,
At awful cost our souls to gain;
Blessing, and praise, and glory be:
"Worthy the Lamb, for He was slain!"

To Him, enthroned by filial right,
All power in heav'n and earth proclaim,
Honor, and majesty and might:
"Worthy the Lamb, for He was slain!"

Long as we live, and should we die,
And while in heav'n with Him we reign,
This song our song of songs shall be,
"Worthy the Lamb, for He was slain!"

©


Song 10. Come, Thou Fount

WORDS IN HYMNS OF WORSHIP & REMEMBRANCE:
Come, Thou Fount of every blessing,
Tune my heart to sing Thy grace;
Streams of mercy, never ceasing,
Call for songs of loudest praise.
Jesus sought me when a stranger,
Wand'ring from the fold of God;
He, to save my soul from danger,
Interposed His precious blood.

O to grace how great a debtor
Daily I'm constrained to be!
Let that grace, Lord, like a fetter,
Bind my wand'ring heart to Thee.
Teach me, Lord, some rapturous measure,
Meet for blood-bought hosts above;
While I sing the countless treasure
Of my God's unchanging love.

Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it;
Prone to leave the God I love:
Yet Thou, Lord, hast deigned to seal it;
With Thy Spirit from above.
Rescued thus from sin and danger,
Purchased by the Savior's blood,
May I walk on earth a stranger,
As a son and heir of God.

WORDS PER HYMNS OF TRUTH AND PRAISE:
Come, Thou Fount of every blessing,
Tune my heart to sing Thy grace;
Streams of mercy, never ceasing,
Call for songs of loudest praise.
Teach me, Lord, some rapturous measure,
Meet for blood-bought hosts above;
While I sing the countless treasure
Of my God's unchanging love.

O to grace how great a debtor
Daily I'm constrained to be!
Let that grace, Lord, like a fetter,
Bind my wand'ring heart to Thee.
Prone to wander, Lord, I feel it;
Prone to leave the God I love:
Yet Thou, Lord, hast deigned to seal it;
With Thy Spirit from above.

Jesus sought me when a stranger,
Wand'ring from the fold of God;
He, to save my soul from danger,
Interposed His precious blood.
Rescued thus from sin and danger,
Purchased by the Savior's blood,
May I walk on earth a stranger,
As a son and heir of God.

©


Song 11. Everlasting Glory unto Jesus Be (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Everlasting glory Unto Jesus be! Sing aloud the story Of His victory!
How He left the splendor Of His home on high,
Came, in love so tender, On the cross to die.

C. Everlasting glory Unto Jesus be!
Sing aloud the story Of His victory.

Yes! He came from heaven, Suffered in our stead;
Praise to Him be given, "Firstborn from the dead!"
Jesus, meek and lowly, Came the lost to save;
He the victim holy, Triumphed o'er the grave.

We in death were lying, Lost in hopeless gloom;
Jesus by His dying Vanquished e'en the tomb!
Burst its iron portal, Rolled away the stone,
Rose in life immortal To the Father's throne.

Christ is Lord of Glory, Sing we now today;
Tell abroad the story, Own His rightful sway!
Sing aloud; and never Cease to spread His fame,
Triumph, now and ever, In the Savior's name.

©


Song 13. Grace! 'Tis a Charming Sound (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Grace! ’tis a charming sound,
Harmonious to the ear;
Heav’n with the echo shall resound,
And all the earth shall hear.

C. Saved by grace alone! This is all my plea:
Jesus died for all mankind, And Jesus died for me.

’Twas grace that wrote my name
In life’s eternal book;
’Twas grace that gave me to the Lamb,
Who all my sorrows took.

Grace taught my wandering feet
To tread the heav'nly road;
And new supplies each hour I meet
While pressing on to God.

Grace taught my heart to pray,
And made my eyes o’erflow;
’Tis grace which kept me to this day,
And will not let me go.

Oh, let that grace inspire
My heart with strength divine;
May all my powers to Thee aspire,
And all my days be Thine.

©


Song 14. Holy, Holy, Holy

Holy, Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty!
Early in the morning our song shall rise to Thee;
Holy, Holy, Holy! Merciful and Mighty!
God in Three Persons, blessed Trinity!

Holy, Holy, Holy! All the saints adore Thee,
Casting down their golden crowns around the glassy sea;
Cherubim and seraphim falling down before Thee,
Which wert and art, and evermore shalt be.

Holy, Holy, Holy! Though the darkness hide Thee,
Though the eye of sinful man Thy glory may not see,
Only Thou art Holy; there is none beside Thee,
Perfect in power, in love, and purity.

Holy, Holy, Holy! Lord God Almighty!
All Thy works shall praise Thy name in earth and sky and sea,
Holy, Holy, Holy! Merciful and Mighty!
God in Three Persons, blessed Trinity!

©


Song 15. Great God of Wonders! (words only)

Great God of wonders! all Thy ways Display Thine attributes divine;
But the bright glories of Thy grace Above Thine other wonders shine:

C. Who is a pard'ning God like Thee? Or who has grace so rich and free?
Who is a pard'ning God like Thee? Or who has grace so rich and free?

Such deep transgressions to forgive! Such guilty sinners thus to spare!
This is Thy grand prerogative, And in this honor none shall share.

Pardon, from an offended God! Pardon, for sins of deepest dye!
Pardon, bestowed through Jesus' blood! Pardon, that brings the rebel nigh!

©


Song 16. Great the Joy When Christians Meet

Great the joy when Christians meet;
Christian fellowship, how sweet!
When, our theme of praise the same,
We exalt Jehovah's name.

Sing we then eternal love,
Such as did the Father move;
He beheld the world undone,
Loved the world and gave His Son.

Sing the Son's unbounded love,
How He left the realms above,
To rejoin the Father's side,
With a bloodbought, spotless Bride.

Sing we too the Spirit's love,
With our stubborn hearts He strove
He revealed the Son of God,
And the value of His blood.

Sweet the thought, exceeding sweet,
We shall soon in glory meet,
Where, the Savior still the theme,
We shall ever sing of Him!

©


Song 17. Lord Jesus Christ, We Seek Thy Face

Lord Jesus Christ, we seek Thy face; 
Within the veil we bow the knee; 
Oh, let Thy glory fill the place, 
And bless us while we wait on Thee.

We thank Thee for the precious blood 
That purged our sins and brought us nigh; 
All cleansed and sanctified to God, 
Thy holy name to magnify.

Shut in with Thee far, far above 
The restless world that wars below; 
We seek to learn and prove Thy love, 
Thy wisdom and Thy grace to know.

The brow that once with thorns was bound, 
Thy hands, Thy side, we fain would see; 
Draw near, Lord Jesus; glory crowned, 
And bless us while we wait on Thee.

©


Song 18. Lord! Accept Our Joyful Song

Lord! accept our joyful song; Power and praise to Thee belong;
We would all Thy grace record, Holy, holy, holy Lord!

Rich in glory, Thou did'st stoop, Thence is all Thy people's hope;
Thou wast poor, that we might be Rich in glory, Lord, with Thee!

When we think of love like this, Joy and shame our hearts possess;
Joy, that Thou could'st pity thus, Shame, for such returns from us.

Yet we soon the day shall see, When we shall from sin be free:
When, to Thee in glory brought, We shall serve Thee as we ought.

©


Song 19. Christ Jesus Hath Done All Things Well

Now in a song of grateful praise
To Christ, the Lord, our voice we'll raise;
With all Thy saints we'll join to tell: 
Christ Jesus "hath done all things well!"

All worlds His glorious pow'r confess,
His wisdom all His works express;
But, O His love! - Our tongues would tell:
Christ Jesus "hath done all things well."

And since our souls have known His love,
What mercies has He made us prove;
Mercies which all our praise excel,
For Jesus "hath done all things well."

And when on that bright day we rise,
And join the anthems of the skies,
In heav'nly songs this note shall swell,
Christ Jesus "hath done all things well!"

©


Song 20. O for a Thousand Tongues

O for a thousand tongues to sing
My great Redeemer's praise,
The glories of my God and King,
The triumphs of his grace!

My gracious Master and my God,
Assist me to proclaim,
To spread through all the earth abroad,
The honors of Thy name.

Jesus! the name that charms our fears,
That bids our sorrows cease;
'Tis music in the sinner's ears,
'Tis life, and health, and peace.

He breaks the power of canceled sin,
He sets the prisoner free;
His blood can make the foulest clean;
His blood availed for me.

Hear Him, ye deaf; His praise, ye dumb,
Your loosened tongues employ;
Ye blind, behold your Saviour come,
And leap, ye lame, for joy.

©


Song 21. Victory

O lead me to the Man that died, Who all God's nature glorified;
Descending to the depths of woe; And for us vanquished every foe!

O lead me to the empty tomb His death has robbed of all its gloom;
He's ris'n! the Lord of life and peace, And holds me in His fond embrace.

O lead me up to heaven's height, To see the Lord enthroned in light;
That gazing on His glory there, I may reflect His image here.

O lead me to that meeting rare, so often longed for in the air;
Then, then, His blessed face I'll see, And praise Him through eternity.

O lead me on to Zion's hill, To see the Lord His Word fulfil;
His glorious King is sitting there, Ruling o'er earth and sea and air.

O lead me to that scene sublime, Prepared by God before all time;
Sin, death, and night have passed away; Light, life, and love are there to stay.

There, too, the Eternal Three in One, Blest Father, Spirit and the Son,
Rest undisturbed forevermore; I wonder, worship, and adore!

©


Song 23. Praise Him! Praise Him! (words only)

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Sing, O Earth, His wonderful love proclaim!
Hail Him! Hail Him! Highest archangels in glory;
Strength and honor give to His holy Name!
Like a shepherd, Jesus will guard His children,
In His arms He carries them all day long.

C. Praise Him! Praise Him! Tell of His excellent greatness;
Praise Him! Praise Him! Ever in joyful song!

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
For our sins He suffered, and bled, and died.
He our Rock, our hope of eternal salvation,
Hail Him! Hail Him! Jesus the Crucified.
Sound His praises! Jesus who bore our sorrows,
Love unbounded, wonderful, deep and strong.

Praise Him! Praise Him! Jesus, our blessed Redeemer!
Heav'nly portals loud with hosannas ring!
Jesus, Savior, reigneth forever and ever;
Crown Him! Crown Him! Prophet, and Priest, and King!
Christ is coming! over the world victorious,
Pow'r and glory unto the Lord belong.

©


Song 24. Praise the Lord, Who Died to Save Us

Praise the Lord, who died to save us,
Praise His ever gracious name;
Praise Him that He lives to bless us,
Now and evermore the same:
Blessed Savior! Blessed Savior!
We would all Thy love proclaim.

Grace it was, yea, grace abounding,
Brought Thee down to save the lost;
Ye above, His throne surrounding,
Praise Him, praise Him all His host;
Saints! Adore Him! Saints! Adore Him!
Ye are they who owe Him most.

We, of all His hand created,
Objects of such grace alone,
By eternal love elected,
Destined now to share His throne,
Sing with wonder, Sing with wonder,
Sing of what our Lord hath done.

Praise His Name, who died to save us;
'Tis by Him His people live;
And in Him the Father gave us
All that boundless love could give:
Life eternal, Life eternal
In our Savior we receive.

©


Song 29. Sovereign Grace O'er Sin Abounding (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Sov’reign grace o’er sin abounding,
Ransomed souls, the tidings swell;
’Tis a deep that knows no sounding,
Who its breadth or length can tell?
On its glories, on its glories, Let my soul forever dwell!
On its glories, on its glories, Let my soul forever dwell!

What from Christ the soul can sever,
Bound by everlasting bands?
Once in Him, in Him forever,
Thus th’ eternal cov’nant stands.
None shall pluck thee, none shall pluck thee From the Savior’s mighty hands!
None shall pluck thee, none shall pluck thee From the Savior’s mighty hands!

Heirs of God, joint-heirs with Jesus,
Long ere time its race begun;
To His name eternal praises,
O what wonders love has done!
One with Jesus, one with Jesus, By eternal union one.
One with Jesus, one with Jesus, By eternal union one.

On such love, my soul, still ponder,
Love, so great, so rich, so free;
Say, while lost in holy wonder,
Why, O Lord, such love to me?
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Grace shall reign eternally!
Hallelujah! Hallelujah Grace shall reign eternally!

©


Song 30. Unto Him Who Hath Loved Us

With harps and viols, there stands a great throng
In the presence of Jesus, and sings this new song:

C. Unto Him who hath loved us and washed us from sin,
Unto Him be the glory for ever. Amen.

All these once were sinners, defiled in His sight,
Now arrayed in pure garments in praise they unite:

He maketh the rebel a priest and a king,
He hath bought us and taught us this new song to sing:

How helpless and hopeless we sinners had been,
If He never had loved us till cleansed from our sin:

Aloud in His praises our voices shall ring,
So that others believing, this new song shall sing:

©


Song 31. Well May We Sing (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Well may we sing, with triumph sing,
The great Redeemer's praise!
The glories of the living God,
Revealed in Jesus' face.

The love of God it was that sought
From sin to set us free,
That gave the Son, whose precious blood
Has wrought our liberty.

In Him we read the Father's love,
And find eternal peace;
We meet in Him a Savior-God,
And fear and terror cease.

Then gladly sing, and sound abroad
The great Redeemer's praise;
The glories of the living God,
The riches of His grace!

©


Song 32. A Mind at Perfect Peace with God

A mind at perfect peace with God:
Oh, what a word is this!
A sinner reconciled through blood:
This, this indeed is peace.

By nature and by practice far,
How very far from God!
Yet now by grace brought nigh to Him
Through faith in Jesus' blood.

So near, so very near to God,
I cannot nearer be;
For in the person of His Son,
I am as near as He.

So dear, so very dear to God,
More dear I cannot be;
The love wherewith He loves the Son,
Such is His love to me.

Why should I ever careful be
Since such a God is mine?
He watches o'er me night and day,
And tells me, "Mine is thine".

©


Song 33. Abba, Father, We Approach Thee

“Abba, Father,” we approach Thee
In our Savior’s precious name.
We, Thy children, here assembling,
Access to Thy presence claim.
From our guilt His blood has washed us,
’Tis through Him our souls draw nigh,
And Thy Spirit too has taught us
“Abba, Father,” thus to cry.

Once as prodigals we wandered,
In our folly, far from Thee;
But Thy grace, o’er sin abounding,
Rescued us from misery.
Thou thy prodigals hast pardoned,
“Kissed us” with a Father’s love;
Welcomed us with joy o'erflowing,
E'en to dwell with Thee above.

Clothed in garments of salvation
At Thy table is our place;
We rejoice, and Thou rejoicest,
In the riches of Thy grace.
“It is meet,” we hear Thee saying,
“We should merry be and glad;
I have found My once lost children,
Now they live who once were dead.”

“Abba, Father,” we adore Thee,
While the hosts in heaven above
E’en in us now learn the wonders
Of Thy wisdom, grace, and love.
Soon before Thy throne assembled,
All Thy children shall proclaim
Abba’s love shown in redemption,
And how full is Abba’s name!

©


Song 34. All Hail the Power

All hail the power of Jesus' name! 
Let angels prostrate fall;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him Lord of all;
Bring forth the royal diadem,
And crown Him Lord of all!

Ye chosen seed of Israel's race,
Ye ransomed from the fall,
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,
And crown Him Lord of all;
Hail Him who saves you by His grace,
And crown Him Lord of all!

Let every kindred, every tribe,
On this terrestrial ball,
To Him all majesty ascribe,
And crown Him Lord of all;
To Him all majesty ascribe,
And crown Him Lord of all!

O that with yonder sacred throng
We at His feet may fall!
We'll join the everlasting song,
And crown Him Lord of all;
We'll join the everlasting song,
And crown Him Lord of all!

©


Song 37. Behold the Lamb with Glory Crowned

Behold the Lamb, with glory crowned,
To Him all power is given;
No place too high for Him is found,
No place too high in heaven.

He fills the throne, the throne above,
He fills it without wrong;
The object of His Father's love,
The theme of heaven's song.

Though high, yet He accepts the praise
His people offer here;
The faintest, feeblest lay they raise
Will reach the Saviour's ear.

This song be ours, and this alone,
That celebrates the Name
Of Him who sits upon the throne,
And that exalts the Lamb.

To Him whom men despise and slight,
To Him be glory given;
The crown is His, and His by right
The highest place in heaven!

©


Song 38. Behold the Glories of the Lamb (words only)

Behold the glories of the Lamb
Amidst the Father's throne!
Prepare new honors for His name,
And songs before unknown!

Ye elders, worship at His feet -
His saints adore around,
With vials full of odors sweet,
And harps of sweetest sound!

To Thee, O Lamb, to Thee, once slain,
Be endless blessings paid!
Salvation, glory, joy, remain
Forever on Thy head!

©


Song 39. Blessed Be God, Our God (words only)

Blessed be God, our God,
Who gave for us His well-beloved Son,
The gift of gifts, all other gifts in one;
Blessed be God, our God!

What will He not bestow!
Who freely gave this mighty gift unbought,
Unmerited, unheeded, and unsought,
What will He not bestow?

He spared not His Son!
'Tis this that silences each rising fear,
'Tis this that bids the hard thought disappear;
He spared not His Son!

Who shall condemn us now?
Since Christ has died, and risen, and gone above,
For us to plead at the right hand of Love,
Who shall condemn us now?

'Tis God that justifies!
Who shall recall His pardon or His grace?
Or who the broken chain of guilt replace?
'Tis God that justifies!

The victory is ours!
For us in might came forth the mighty One;
For us He fought the fight, the triumph won:
The victory is ours!

©


Song 40. Brethren, Let Us Join to Bless

Brethren, let us join to bless
Jesus Christ, our joy and peace
He, who bowed His head so low
Underneath our load of woe.

His the curse, the wounds, the gall,
His the stripes - He bore them all;
His the dying and the pain
When our sins He did sustain.

He, the accepted Sacrifice,
From the vanquished grave did rise;
Free Himself, He set us free
In His perfect liberty.

Ransomed now, accepted, free,
Safe from judgment, Lord, in Thee,
We rejoice that God can bless
All who do Thy name confess.

Praise our God who willed it thus;
Praise the Lamb who died for us;
Praise the Father, through the Son,
Who so vast a work hath done!

©


Song 41. Brightness of Eternal Glory

Brightness of eternal glory,
Shall Thy praise unuttered lie?
Who would hush the heaven-sent story
Of the Lamb who came to die?

Came from Godhead's fullest glory
Down to Calvery's depth of woe,
Now on high, we bow before Thee;
Streams of praises ceaseless flow!

Sing His blest triumphant rising;
Sing Him on the Father's throne;
Sing - till heaven and earth surprising,
Reigns the Nazarene alone.

©


Song 42. Blessed Lord, our hallelujahs (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Blessed Lord, our hallelujahs Now to Thee we raise.
Never could we fully utter All Thy worth and praise!

C. Praise the Lamb, for He is worthy!
Sweet eternal strain.
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Praise the Lord! Amen.

Praise the Lamb! Yes, Thou art worthy, Who didst shed Thy blood
To redeem Thy saints, and make us Kings and priests to God!

Yes! we praise Thee, for Thou lov'st us; And we bless Thee, Lrod,
For Thy ceaseless intercession, And Thy precious Word.

Hallelujah! Thou, Lord Jesus, Canst not cease to love;
Thine we are and Thine forever, One with Thee above.

Praise the Lord! Yes, hallelujah! Who would hush the song?
Join with saints from every nation Every tribe and tongue.

©


Song 43. By Faith I Look (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

By faith I look where Christ has gone,
And see upon His Father’s throne
A Man, with glory crowned;
His brow is marred, and on His side,
Whence flowed the cleansing crimson tide,
The marks of love are found.

Here is the record of the past—
Fruit of my sins that bound Him fast
To that degrading tree;
In every wound I read my guilt,
And thank Him that His blood was spilt
To set my conscience free.

I look again, and now I see
That blessèd Man engaged for me,
His hands uplifted high;
Before the throne of God He pleads,
God’s great High Priest, He intercedes,
And so preserves me nigh.

What love! He washed my sins away,
Thus boldness in the Judgment Day
For me there doth remain.
What grace! now occupied with me,
He wills I should His glory see,
When He returns again!

©


Song 44. By Thee, O God, Invited (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

By Thee, O God, invited, We look unto the Son,
In whom Thy heart delighted, Who all Thy will hath done;
And by the one chief treasure Thy bosom freely gave,
Thine own pure love we measure, Thy willing mind to save.

O God of mercy — Father! The one unchanging claim,
The brightest hopes, we gather From Christ’s most precious name:
What always sounds so sweetly In Thine unwearied ear,
Has freed our souls completely From all our guilt and fear.

The trembling sinner feareth That God can ne’er forget;
But Christ's full payment cleareth His memory of all debt.
When naught beside could free us, Or set our souls at large,
Thy holy work, Lord Jesus, Secured a full discharge.

No wrath God’s heart retaineth To us-ward who believe;
No dread in ours remaineth As we His love receive;
Returning sons He kisses, And with His robe invests;
His perfect love dismisses All terror from our breasts.

©


Song 45. Christ the Lord is Risen Indeed (words only)

Christ the Lord is ris’n indeed, Hallelujah! 
He has met His people's need, Hallelujah! 
Borne their sins upon the cross, Hallelujah! 
Suffered death and shame and loss, Hallelujah!

Yes, He took the bitter cup, Hallelujah! 
To the dregs He drank it up; Hallelujah!  
Gives the cup of blessing now, Hallelujah! 
Worthy, Jesus, Lord, art Thou! Hallelujah!

Here He came from realms of light, Hallelujah! 
Passed thro’ darkness, gloom and night, Hallelujah! 
Fathomed all the depth of woe, Hallelujah!  
Triumphed over every foe, Hallelujah!

God, that Holy One who gave, Hallelujah! 
Could not leave Him in the grave, Hallelujah! 
Raised Him to the highest height, Hallelujah! 
Crowned Him there with glory bright, Hallelujah!

From the glory He will come, Hallelujah! 
First to take His people home, Hallelujah! 
Soon with them o’er death to reign, Hallelujah! 
Come, Lord Jesus, come, Amen. Hallelujah!

©


Song 46. Crown Him with Many Crowns

Crown Him with many crowns,
The Lamb upon His throne:
Hark! How the heavenly anthem drowns 
All music but its own.
Awake, my soul, and sing
Of Him who died for thee,
And hail Him as thy matchless King 
Thru all eternity.

Crown Him the Lord of love,
Behold His hands and side,
Rich wounds, yet visible above, 
In beauty glorified.
No angel in the sky
Can fully bear that sight,
But downward bends his wondering eye
At mysteries so bright.

Crown Him the Lord of life,
Who triumphed o'er the grave,
And rose victorious to the strife 
For those He came to save.
His glories now we sing,
Who died, and rose on high,
Who died eternal life to bring, 
And lives that death may die.

Crown Him the Lord of heaven,
One with the Father known,
One with the Spirit through Him giv'n
From yonder glorious throne.
To Thee be endless praise,
For Thou for us hast died;
Be Thou, O Lord, thru endless days
Adored and magnified.

©


Song 49. Everlasting Glory Be

Everlasting glory be,
God and Father, unto Thee;
'Tis with joy Thy children raise
Hearts and voices in Thy praise.
Hearts and voices in Thy praise.

Thine the light that showed our sin,
Showed how guilty we had been;
Thine the love that freely gave,
Thine own Son our souls to save.
Thine own Son our souls to save.

Called to share the rest of God,
In the Father's blest abode;
God of love and God in light,
In Thy praises we unite.
In Thy praises we unite.

Gladly we Thy grace proclaim,
Knowing now the Father's name:
God and Father unto Thee
Everlasting glory be!
Everlasting glory be!

©


Song 50. Father and God, in Grateful Love

Father and God, in grateful love
We bow before Thy face,
While for They gift unspeakable
Our souls o'erflow with praise;
Thine only Son, Thy heart's delight
Far back, ere time began,
Thou in Thy boundless love didst give,
To die for ruined man.

Thou gavest Him, well knowing all
That lay before Him here - 
The suff'ring sore, the thorny crown,
The cross, the cruel spear - 
And in that hour of woe supreme
When Jesus bore our sin,
God's patient, holy, suff'ring Lamb,
Thou didst forsake Him then.

Father, this mystery of love
Must all our praise excel;
No human, no angelic tongue
Its wondrous depths can tell;
For what were we that Thou on us
Such love shouldst ever pour?
Our souls, with joy and wonder filled,
Father and Son adore!

©


Song 51. Glory, Glory Everlasting

Glory, glory everlasting, 
Be to Him who bore the cross,
Who redeemed our souls by tasting, 
Death, the death deserved by us!
Spread His glory, Spread His glory,
Who redeemed His people thus!

His is love, 'tis love unbounded,
Without measure, without end,
Human thought is here confounded,
'Tis too vast to comprehend!
Praise the Savior! Priase the Savior!
Magnify the sinner's Friend!

While we hear the wondrous story
Of the Savior's cross and shame,
Sing we, "Everlasting glory
Be to God and to the Lamb!"
Hallelujah! Hallelujah!
Give ye glory to His name!

©


Song 52. Done is the Work that Saves (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Done is the work that saves! Once and forever done;
Finished the righteousness That clothes th’ unrighteous one.
The love that blesses us below 
Is flowing freely to us now.

The sacrifice is o’er, The veil is rent in twain,
The mercy-seat is red With blood of victim slain.
Why stand we then without, in fear?
The blood of Christ invites us near.

The gate is open wide; The new and living way
Is clear, and free, and bright, With love, and peace, and day.
Into the holiest we come,
Our present and our endless home.

Enthroned in majesty, The High Priest sits within;
His precious blood, once shed, Has made and keeps us clean;
With boldness let us now draw near;
That blood has banished ev'ry fear.

Then to the Lamb once slain Be glory, praise, and power,
Who died and lives again, Who liveth evermore;
Who loved us, cleansed us by His blood,
And made us kings and priests to God!

©


Song 53. Father, We Worship Thee (words only)

Father, we worship Thee, Through Thy beloved Son;
And, by the Spirit, now draw near Before Thy holy throne.

We bless Thee Thou art Light, Righteous and true art Thou;
Holy and reverend Thy name, Our hearts before Thee bow.

We bless Thee Thou art Love, How vast that matchless grace,
Whose breadth and length and height and depth No finite mind can trace!

We bless Thee most of all For Him Who Thee unveiled;
Whose precious blood redemption wrought, And thus Thy heart revealed.

For what Thou art, we praise And worship and adore:
To Father, Son and Spirit be The glory evermore!

©


Song 54. Gazing On the Lord in Glory

Gazing on the Lord in glory,
While our hearts in worship bow,
There we read the wondrous story
Of the cross, its shame and woe.

Every mark of dark dishonor
Heaped upon the thorn-crowned brow
All the depths of Thy heart's sorrow,
Told in answering glory now!

On that cross, alone, forsaken,
Where no pitying eye was found;
Now, to God's right hand exalted,
With Thy praise the heavens resound!

Did Thy God even then forsake Thee,
Hide His face from Thy deep need?
In Thy face, once marred and smitten,
All His glory now we read.

Gazing on it we adore Thee,
Blessed, precious, holy Lord!
Thou, the Lamb, alone, art worthy - 
This be earth's and heaven's accord.

Rise our hearts, and bless the Father,
Ceaseless song even here begun;
Endless praise and adoration
To the Father and the Son!

©


Song 57. God, Our Father, We Adore Thee!  (words only)

God, our Father, we adore Thee! We, Thy children, bless Thy name! 
Chosen in the Christ before Thee, we are “holy without blame.“ 
We adore Thee! We adore Thee! Abba’s praises we proclaim! 
We adore Thee! We adore Thee! Abba’s praises we proclaim!

Son, Eternal, we adore Thee! Lamb upon the throne on high! 
Lamb of God, we bow before Thee,- Thou has brought Thy people nigh! 
We adore Thee! We adore Thee! Son of God, who came to die! 
We adore Thee! We adore Thee! Son of God, who came to die!

Father, Son, and Holy Spirit – Three in One! We give Thee praise! 
For the riches we inherit, heart and voice to Thee we raise! 
We adore Thee! We adore Thee! Thee we bless, through endless days! 
We adore Thee! We adore Thee! Thee we bless, throught endless days!

©


Song 58. Gathered in Thy Name, Lord Jesus

Gathered in Thy name, Lord Jesus
Losing sight of all but Thee
Oh, what joy Thy presence gives us,
Calling up our hearts to Thee!

Loved with love which knows no measure,
Save the Father's love to Thee,
Blessed Lord, our hearts would treasure
All the Father's thoughts of Thee.

All His joy, His rest, His pleasure -
All His deep delight in Thee -
Lord, Thy heart alone can measure
What Thy Father found in Thee.

How He set His love upon Thee -
Called Thee His beloved Son;
Yet for us He did not spare Thee,
By Thy death our life was won.

Oh the joy, the wondrous singing,
When we see Thee as Thou art!
Thy blest name, Lord Jesus, bringing 
Sweetest music to God's heart.

Notes of gladness, songs unceasing, 
Hymns of everlasting praise,
Psalms of glory, joy increasing, 
Thro' God's endless day of days.

©


Song 59. Glory to God on High

"Glory to God on high! 
Peace upon earth and joy,
Good will to man."
We who God's blessing prove,
His Name all names above,
Sing now, the Savior's love,
Too vast to scan.

Mercy and truth unite,
O 'tis a wondrous sight - 
All sights above!
Jesus the curse sustains!
Guilt's bitter cup He drains!
Nothing for us remains,
Nothing but love.

Love that no tongue can teach,
Love that no thought can reach:
No love like His.
God is its blessed source,
Death ne'er can stop its course,
Nothing can stay its force;
Matchless it is.

Blest in this love we sing;
To God our praises bring;
All sins forgiv'n.
Jesus, our Lord, to Thee
Honor and majesty,
Now, and forever be,
Here, and in heaven!

©


Song 60. Gracious God, We Worship Thee (words only)

Gracious God, we worship Thee, Rev’rently we bow the knee; 
Jesus Christ our only plea: Father, we adore Thee.

Vast Thy love – how deep, how wide – In the gift of Him who died; 
Righteous claims all satisfied: Father, we adore Thee.

Low we bow before Thy face, Sons of God, O won-drous place! 
Great the riches of Thy grace: Father, we adore Thee.

By Thy Spirit grant that we Worshippers in truth may be; 
Praise, as incense, sweet to Thee: Father, we adore Thee.

Yet again our song we raise, Note of deep adoring praise; 
Now – and soon through endless days: Father, we adore Thee.

©


Song 61. Hark! Ten Thousand Voices Crying (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Hark! ten thousand voices crying,
“Lamb of God!” with one accord;
Thousand thousand saints replying,
Wake at once the echo’ng chord.

“Praise the Lamb!” the chorus waking,
All in heav’n together throng;
Loud and far each tongue partaking
Rolls around the endless song.

Grateful incense this, ascending
Ever to the Father’s throne;
Every knee to Jesus bending,
All the mind in heav’n is one.

All the Father’s counsels claiming
Equal honors to the Son,
All the Son’s effulgence beaming,
Makes the Father’s glory known.

By the Spirit all pervading,
Hosts unnumbered round the Lamb,
Crowned with light and joy unfading,
Hail Him as the great “I AM.”

Joyful now the new creation
Rests in undisturbed repose,
Blest in Jesus’ full salvation,
Sorrow now nor thraldom knows.

©


Song 62. Hail, Thou Once Despised Jesus!

[Recordings forthcoming, Lord willing]

Hail, Thou once despised Jesus! Hail, Thou still rejected King!
Thou didst suffer to release us, Thou didst free salvation bring;
Through Thy death and resurrection, Bearer of our sin and shame!
We enjoy divine protection, Life and glory through Thy name.

Paschal Lamb, by God appointed, All our sins on Thee were lad;
By our Father's love anointed, Thou hast full atonement made:
All who trust Thee are forgiven Through the virtue of Thy blood;
Rent in Thee the veil of heaven,  Grace shines forth to man from God.

Savior, hail! amid the glory, Where for us Thou dost abide;
We, by faith do now adore Thee, Seated at Thy Father's side.
There, for us Thou now art pleading, While Thou dost our place prepare;
For Thy saints still interceding, Till in glory we appear.

Worship, honor, praise and blessing, Thou shalt then from all receive;
Loudest praises, without ceasing, All that earth or heav'n can give:
In that day Thy saints will meet Thee, Welcome Thee with grateful song;
Joyful hearts will ever greet Thee, Source of joy to all the throng!

©


Song 64. His Be the Victor's Name

His be the Victor's name,
Who fought the fight alone;
Triumphant saints no honor claim,
Triumphant saints no honor claim,
His conquest was their own.

By weakness and defeat,
He won a glorious crown,
Trod all our foes beneath His feet,
Trod all our foes beneath His feet,
By being trodden down.

He Satan's power laid low;
Made sin, He sin o'er-threw.
Bowed to the grave, destroyed it so,
Bowed to the grave, destroyed it so,
And death by dying slew.

Bless, bless the Conquer'r slain,
Slain in His victory;
Who lived, Who died, Who lives again,
Who lived, Who died, Who lives again-
For thee, His church, for thee!

©


Song 65. How Sweet the Name of Jesus Sounds

How sweet the name of Jesus sounds In a believer's ear!
It soothes his sorrows, heals his wounds, And drives away his fear.

It makes the wounded spirit whole And calms the troubled breast;
'Tis manna to the hungry soul, And to the weary rest.

Dear name! the Rock on which we build, Our shield and hiding-place;
Our never failing treasury, filled With boundless stores of grace.

Jesus, our Saviour, Shepherd, Friend, Our Prophet, Priest, and King;
Our Lord, our Life, our Way, our End, Accept the praise we bring.

Weak is the effort of our heart, And cold our warmest thought;
But when we see Thee as Thou art, We'll praise Thee as we ought.

Till then we would Thy love proclaim With ev'ry fleeting breath;
And triumph in that blessed name Which quells the pow'r of death.

©


Song 66. Holy Savior, We Adore Thee

Holy Savior, we adore Thee, Seated on the throne of God;
Soon in glory, all before Thee Shall proclaim Thy praise abroad.
"Thou art worthy," "Thou art worthy,"
We were ransomed by Thy blood.

Savior, though the world despised Thee, Though Thou here wast crucified,
Yet the Father's glory raised Thee, Lord of all creation wide.
"Thou art worthy," "Thou art worthy,"
We shall live, for Thou hast died.

And though here on earth rejected, 'Tis but fellowship with Thee;
Should we not with joy expect it Here like The, our Lord, to be?
"Thou art worthy," "Thou art worthy,"
Thou from earth hast set us free.

Haste the day of Thine appearing, With Thy ransomed saints to reign,
Then shall end all days of mourning, We shall sing with triumph then.
"Thou art worthy," "Thou art worthy."
Come, Lord Jesus, quickly come.

©


Song 67. I Hear the Words of Love (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

I hear the words of love, God looks upon the blood,
Accepts the mighty sacrifice, And I have peace with God.

'Tis everlasting peace! Sure as Jehovah's Name,
'Tis stable as His steadfast throne, Forevermore the same.

I change, He changes not; The Christ can never die:
His love, not mine, the resting place, His truth, not mine, the tie.

The cross still stands unchanged, Though heav'n is now His home;
The mighty stone is rolled away, But yonder is His tomb!

And yonder is my peace, The grave of all my woes!
I know the Son of God has come, I know He died and rose.

I know He liveth now At God's right hand above;
I know the throne on which He sits, I know His truth and love!

[words as in Hymns of Worship and Remembrance]

©


Song 68. Holy, Holy, Holy! God of Grace and Glory! (words o

Holy, Holy, Holy! God of grace and glory! 
Unto everlasting days our song shall rise to Thee;
Holy, Holy! Holy! Merciful and mighty! 
God revealed in Jesus, sacred mystery.

Holy, holy, Father, we Thy sons adore Thee:  
He, who in Thy bosom dwells, declared to us Thy name; 
All Thy love He showed us. Now as sons before Thee, 
Find we our portion, holy, without blame.

Jesus, blessed Savior, Son of God most holy, 
Equal with the Father in eternal might and love, 
Down to earth Thou camest, humble, meek, and lowly, 
Dying, that we might live with Thee above.

Lord, we now behold Thee, crowned with brightest glory! 
Ev’ry knee must bow to Thee, own Thy supremacy; 
Ev’ry tongue shall own Thee, ev’ry voice adore Thee, 
Slain once, but now enthroned in majesty!

©


Song 69. In Glory Bright Above

In glory bright above, Thou art exalted, Lord;
And we, who know Thy love, Unite with glad accord
To sing Thy praise, for Thou alone
Art worthy to ascend the throne.
Art worthy to ascend the throne.

Preeminent on high, O'er all things now supreme,
Thou once didst stoop to die, And by Thy blood redeem
Our souls from sin. We praise Thy name.
Worthy art Thou of endless fame!
Worthy art Thou of endless fame!

Now risen from the dead, Firstborn in life art Thou;
The Church's living Head, In heav'nly glory now:
Our glorious Lord, we give Thee praise!
To Thee our joyful songs we raise!
To Thee our joyful songs we raise!

We wait Thine advent, Lord, When Thou from heav'n shalt come,
And, with that quick'ning word, Call all Thy people home.
Then, Lord, Thou shalt Thy travail see,
Be satisfied, eternally!
Be satisfied, eternally!

©


Song 70. Jesus, Thou Alone Art Worthy

Jesus, Thou alone art worthy
Ceaseless praise to receive;
For Thy love and grace and goodness
Rise o'er all our thoughts conceive.

With adoring hearts, we render
Honor to Thy precious Name,
Overflowing with Thy mercies,
Far and wide Thy worth proclaim.

Praise Him! praise Him! praise the Savior!
Saints, aloud your voices raise -
Praise Him! praise Him! - 'till in heaven
Perfected we'll sing His praise.

©


Song 72. Lord, Thou Art Worthy (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Jesus, our Lord, with what joy we adore Thee,
Chanting our praise to Thyself on the throne!
Blest in Thy presence, we worship before Thee,
Own Thou art worthy, and worthy alone.

C. Lord, Thou art worthy: Lord, Thou art worthy;
Lord, Thou art worthy, and worthy alone!
Blest in Thy presence, we worship before Thee,
Own Thou art worthy, and worthy alone!

Verily God, yet become truly human,
Lower than angels to die in our stead;
How has that long promised “Seed of the woman”
Trod on the serpent and bruised his head!

How didst Thou humble Thyself to be taken.
Led by Thy creatures and nailed to the cross.
Hated of men, and of God too forsaken,
Shunning not darkness, the curse, and the loss.

How hast Thou triumphed, and triumphed with glory,
Battled death’s forces, rolled back every wave!
Can we refrain then from telling the story?
Lord, Thou art Victor o’er death and the grave.

©


Song 74. Jesus! Source of Life Eternal! (words only)

Jesus! Source of life eternal! Jesus, Author of our breath! 
Victor o’er the hosts infernal, By defeat, and shame and death, 
Thou through deepest tribulation Deigned to pass for our salvation: 
Thousand, thousand praises be, Lord of glory, unto Thee!

Thou, O Son of God!  were bearing Cruel mockings, hatred, scorn; 
Thou, the King of glory, wearing, For our sake, the crown of thorn: 
Dying, Thou didst us deliver From the chains of sin forever; 
Thousand, thousand praises be, Precious Savior, unto Thee!

All the shame men heaped upon Thee, Thou didst patiently endure; 
Not the pains of death too bitter, Our redemption to procure: 
Wondrous Thy humiliation To accomplish our salvation: 
Thousand, thousand praises be, Precious Savior, unto Thee!

Heartfelt praise and adoration, Savior, thus to Thee we give: 
For Thy life‘s humiliation, For Thy death, whereby we live; 
All the grief Thou wert enduring, All the bliss Thou wert securing, 
Evermore the theme shall be, Of Thanksgivings, Lord, to Thee.

©


Song 75. Jesus! That Name Is Love (words only)

[Recordings forthcoming, Lord willing]

JESUS! That name is Love, Jesus, our Lord!
Jesus, all names above, Jesus, the Lord!
Thou, Lord, our all must be; Nothing that's good have we,
Nothing apart from Thee, Jesus, our Lord!

As Son of man it was, Jesus, the Lord!
Thou gav'st Thy life for us, Jesus, our Lord!
Great was indeed Thy love, All other loves above,
Love Thou didst dearly prove, Jesus, our Lord!

Righteous alone in Thee, Jesus, the Lord!
Thou wilt a refuge be, Jesus, our Lord!
Whom then have we to fear, What trouble, grief, or care,
Since Thou art ever near, Jesus, our Lord!

Soon Thou wilt come again, Jesus, the Lord!
We shall be happy then, Jesus, our Lord!
When Thine own face we see, Then shall we like Thee be,
Then evermore with Thee, Jesus, our Lord!

©


Song 76. Jesus, In His Heavenly Glory

Jesus, in His heavenly glory, 
Sits with God upon the throne;
Now no more to be forsaken,
His humiliation gone.

Never more shall God, Jehovah,
Smite the Shepherd with the sword;
Ne'er again shall cruel sinners,
Set at nought our glorious Lord.

Dwelling in eternal sunshine
Of the countenance of God,
Jesus fills all heav'n with incense
Of His reconciling blood.

On His heart our names are graven,
On His shoulders we are borne;
Of our God beloved in Jesus,
We can love Him in return.

©


Song 77. We'll Sing of the Shepherd

We'll sing of the Shepherd that died,
That died for the sake of the flock,
His love to the utmost was tried,
But firmly endured as a rock.

When blood from a victim must flow,
This Shepherd by pity was led
To stand between us and the foe, 
And willingly died in our stead.

Our song, then, forever shall be
Of the Shepherd who gave Himself thus;
No subject's so glorious as He, 
No theme so affecting to us.

Of Him and His love we will sing,
His praises our tongues shall employ,
Till heavenly anthems we bring
In yonder bright regions of joy.

©


Song 78. Jesus! The Very Thought of Thee (words only)

Jesus! The very thought of Thee With sweetness fills my breast; 
But better far Thy face to see, And in Thy presence rest.

No voice can sing, no heart can frame, Nor can the memory find 
A sweeter sound than Thy blest name, O Savior of mankind!

O hope of every contrite heart, oh joy of all the meek, 
To those who fall, how kind Thou art: how good to those who seek!

But what to those who find? Ah! this no tongue, nor pen can show; 
The love of Jesus! What it is none but his loved ones know.

Savior, our only joy be Thou, as Thou our crown shalt be; 
Be Thou, oh Lord, our glory now, and through eternity.

©


Song 79. Jesus, Thy Head, Once Crowned

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Jesus, Thy head, once crown’d with thorns,
Is crown’d with glory now;
Heaven’s royal diadem adorns
The mighty Victor’s brow.

Thou glorious light of courts above,
Joy of the saints below,
To us still manifest Thy love,
That we its depths may know.

To us Thy cross with all its shame,
With all its grace, be giv’n;
Though earth disowns Thy lowly name,
God honors it in heav’n.

Who suffer with Thee, Lord, below,
Shall reign with Thee above;
Then let it be our joy to know
This way of peace and love.

To us Thy cross is life and health;
’Twas shame and death to Thee;
Our present glory, joy and wealth,
Our everlasting stay.

©


Song 81. Just As Thou Art (words only)

Just as Thou art, how wondrous fair, Lord Jesus, all Thy members are! 
A life divine to them is giv’n, A long inheritance in heav’n.

Just as I was, I came to Thee, An heir of wrath and misery; 
Just as Thou art before the throne, I stand in righteousness Thine own.

Just as Thou art, how wondrous free: Loosed by the sorrows of the tree: 
Savior! the curse, the wrath were Thine, To give Thy saints this life divine.

Just as Thou art, O blissful ray, That turned my darkness into day! 
That woke me from my death in sin To know my perfectness in Him.

Soon, soon, ‘mid joys on joys untold, Thou wilt this grace and love unfold, 
Till worlds on worlds adoring see The part Thy members have in Thee.

©


Song 83. Lamb of God! Our Souls Adore Thee

Lamb of God! our souls adore Thee
While upon Thy face we gaze;
There the Father's love and glory
Shine in all their brightest rays;
Thy Almighty pow'r and wisdom
All creation's works proclaim;
Heaven and earth alike confess Thee,
As the ever great "I AM."

Lamb of God! Thy Father's bosom
Ever was Thy dwelling place;
His delight, in Him rejoicing,
One with Him in power and grace;
Oh what wondrous love and mercy!
Thou did'st lay Thy glory by;
And for us did'st come from heaven
As the Lamb of God to die.

Lamb of God! when we behold Thee
Lowly in the manger laid,
Wand'ring as a homeless stranger
In the world thy hands had made;
When we see Thee in the garden
In Thine agony of blood -
At Thy grace we are confounded,
Holy, spotless Lamb of God!

When we see Thee as the Victim,
Nailed to the accursed tree,
For our guilt and folly stricken, 
All our judgment borne by Thee,
Lord, we own, with hearts adoring, 
Thou hast loved us unto blood;
Glory, glory everlasting
Be to Thee, Thou Lamb of God!

Lamb of God! Thou now art seated
High upon Thy Father's throne;
All Thy gracious work completed,
All Thy mighty victory won.
Every knee in heav'n is bending
To the Lamb for sinners slain;
Every voice and harp is swelling, 
"Worthy is the Lamb to reign!"

©


Song 84. Look, Ye Saints! The Sight is Glorious

Look, ye saints! The sight is glorious: see the Man of Sorrows now; 
From the fight returned victorious, ev'ry knee to Him shall bow: 
Crown Him! Crown Him! Crown Him! Crown Him! 
Crowns become the Victor's brow, crowns become the Victor's brow.

Crown the Saviour! Angels, crown Him! Rich the trophies Jesus brings; 
In the seat of pow'r enthrone Him, while the vault of heaven rings: 
Crown Him! Crown Him! Crown Him! Crown Him! 
Crown the Saviour King of Kings, crown the Saviour King of Kings.

Sinners in derision crowned Him, mocking thus the Saviour's claim; 
Saints and angels crowd around Him, own His title, praise His name: 
Crown Him! Crown Him! Crown Him! Crown Him! 
Spread abroad the Victor's fame, spread abroad the Victor's fame.

Hark! Those bursts of acclamation! Hark, those loud triumphant chords! 
Jesus takes the highest station; o what joy the sight affords!  
Crown Him! Crown Him! Crown Him! Crown Him! 
King of kings and Lord of lords! King of kings, and Lord of lords!

©


Song 87. Lord Jesus, I Love Thee (words only)

Lord Jesus, I love Thee, I know Thou art mine, 
My Rock and my Fortress, my Surety divine, 
My gracious Redeemer, my song shall be now:
’Tis Thou who art worthy, Lord Jesus, ‘tis Thou.

I love Thee because that hast first loved me 
And purchased my pardon on Calvary’s tree; 
I love Thee for wearing the thorns on Thy brow: 
’Tis Thou who art worthy, Lord Jesus, ‘tis Thou.

I’d love Thee in life, I would love Thee in death, 
And praise Thee as long as Thou lendest me breath, 
And sing, should the death-dew lie cold on my brow: 
’Tis Thou who art worthy, Lord Jesus, ‘tis Thou.

And when the bright morn of Thy glory shall come, 
And children ascend to the Father’s glad home, 
I’ll shout, with Thy likeness impressed on my brow, 
’Tis Thou who art worthy, Lord Jesus, ‘tis Thou.

[Added verse under #88 in HWR]
Lord Jesus we worship and bow at Thy feet, 
And give Thee the glory, the honor that’s meet.
While through Thee, O Savior, our praises ascend 
And join in the chorus that never shall end.

©


Song 88. Lord Jesus, We Worship (words only)

[Added verse to #87 in HWR]
Lord Jesus, we worship and bow at Thy feet, 
And give Thee the glory, the honor that’s 
While through The, O Savior, our praises ascend 
And join in the chorus that never shall end.

©


Song 90. Lord, We Rejoice That Thou Art Gone (words only)

Lord, we rejoice that Thou art gone 
To sit upon Thy Father’s throne;
Thy path of shame and suff’ring o’er, 
Thy heart shall grieve and mourn no more.

O cross of Christ! O Calvary! 
What place can be compared with thee, 
Where God’s own Son was crucified, 
And for our sins a ransom died?

We love to look within the tomb 
Thy death has robbed of all it’s gloom; 
The stone forever rolled away; 
Thy death the pow’r of death did slay.

We joy to see Thee, Lord arise 
Triumphant through the opening skies; 
And hear all heaven united own 
Thee worthy to ascend the throne.

Lord, now we wait for Thee to come 
And take us to Thy Father's home; 
Oh what ecstatic joy ‘twill be 
To spend eternity with Thee!

©


Song 91. My Redeemer

My Redeemer, oh, what beauties In that lovely name appear;
None but Jesus in His glories Shall the honored title wear.
My Redeemer, my Redeemer, Thou hast my salvation wrought.

Sunk in ruin, sin, and mis'ry, Bounded by Satan's captive chain,
Guided by his artful treach'ry, Hurring on to endless pain,
My Redeemer, my Redeemer, Plucked me as a brand from hell.

Mine by cov'nant, mine forever, Mine by oath and mine by blood.
Mine - nor time the bond shall sever, Mine as an unchanging God.
My Redeemer,  my Redeemer, Oh, how sweet to call Thee Mine!

When in heav'n I see Thy glory, When before Thy throne I bow,
Perfected I shall be like Thee, Fully Thy redemption know.
My Redeemer, my Redeemer, Then shall hear me shout His praise.

©


Song 92. Lord of Glory, We Adore Thee

Lord of Glory, we adore Thee,
Christ of God, ascended high!
Heart and soul we bow before Thee,
Glorious now beyond the sky:
Thee we worship, Thee we praise,
Excellent in all Thy ways.

Anointed King with glory crowned,
Rightful heir and Lord of all!
Once rejected, scorned, disowned, 
E'en by those Thou cam'st to call:
Thee we honor, Thee adore,
Glorious now and ever more.

Lord of life! to death once subject;
Blesser, yet a curse once made;
Of Thy Father's heart the Object,
Yet in depths of anguish laid:
Thee we gaze on, Thee recall,
Bearing here our sorrows all.

Royal robes shall soon invest Thee,
Royal splendors crown Thy brow;
Christ of God, our souls confess Thee -
King and Sovereign even now!
Thee we reverence, Thee obey -
Own Thee Lord and Christ alway.

©


Song 93. Majestic Sweetness Sits Enthroned

Majestic Sweetness sits enthroned 
Upon the Savior's brow;
His head with radiant glories crowned, 
His lips with grace o'er-flow,
His lips with grace o'er-flow.

No mortal can with Him compare,
Among the sons of men;
Fairer is He than all the fair
Who fill the heav'nly train,
Who fill the heav'nly train.

He saw me plunged in deep distress,
And flew to my relief;
For me He bore the shameful cross,
And carried all my grief,
And carried all my grief.

To Him I owe my life and breath,
And all the joys I have;
He makes me triumph over death,
And saves me from the grave,
And saves me from the grave.

©


Song 95. Jesus Gave Himself for Me (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Lord, Thy love has sought and found us
Wand’ring in this desert wide;
Thou hast thrown Thine arms around us,
For us suffered, bled, and died.
Sing, my soul! He loved thee,
Jesus gave Himself for me.

Hark! what sounds of bitter weeping
From yon lonesome garden sweep;
’Tis the Lord His vigil keeping,
While His followers sink in sleep.
Ah, my soul, He loved thee,
Yes, He gave Himself for me.

He is speaking to His Father,
Tasting deep that bitter cup,
Yet He takes it, willing rather
For our sakes to drink it up.
Oh, what love! He loved me!
Gave Himself, my soul, for thee.

Then that closing scene of anguish:
All God’s waves and billows roll
Over Him, there left to languish
On the cross, to save my soul.
Matchless love! how vast, how free,
Jesus gave Himself for me.

Hark again! His cries are waking
Echoes on dark Calvary’s hill;
God, my God, art Thou forsaking
Him who always did Thy will?
Ah, my soul! it was for thee,
Yes! He gave Himself for me.

Lord, we joy, Thy toils are ended,
Glad Thy suff’ring time is o’er;
To Thy Father’s throne ascended,
There Thou liv’st, to die no more.
Yes, my soul, He lives for thee,
He who gave Himself for me.

Lord, we worship and adore Thee
For Thy rich, Thy matchless grace;
Perfect soon in joy before Thee,
We shall see Thee face to face.
Yet e’en now our song shall be,
Jesus gave Himself for me.

©


Song 96. Man of Sorrows

"Man of Sorrows," what a name 
For the Son of God who came 
Ruined sinners to reclaim! 
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

Bearing shame and scoffing rude, 
In my place condemned He stood;
Sealed my pardon with His blood;
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

Guilty, vile and helpless we; 
Spotless Lamb of God was He; 
"Full atonement" can it be? 
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

Lifted up was He to die, 
"It is finished," was His cry; 
Now in heaven exalted high; 
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

When He comes, our glorious King, 
All His ransomed home to bring, 
Then anew this song we'll sing: 
Hallelujah! what a Saviour!

©


Song 97. Name of Jesus! Highest Name!

Name of Jesus! highest Name!
Name that earth and heaven adore! 
From the heart of God it came, 
Leads me to God's heart once more.

Name of Jesus! living tide! 
Days of drought for me are past; 
How much more than satisfied 
Are the thirsty lips at last!

Name of Jesus! dearest Name! 
Bread of heaven, and balm of love, 
Oil of gladness, surest claim 
To the treasures stored above.

Only Jesus! fairest Name! 
Life and rest and peace and bliss; 
Jesus, evermore the same, 
He is mine and I am His!

©


Song 98. No Blood, No Altar Now

No blood, no altar now, The sacrifice is o’er! 
No flame, no smoke ascends on high, The lamb is slain no more,
But richer blood has flowed from nobler veins, 
To purge the soul from guilt, and cleanse the reddest stains.

We thank Thee for the blood, The blood of Christ, Thy Son:
The blood by which our peace is made, Our victory is won: 
Great victory o’er hell and sin, and woe, 
That needs no second fight, and leaves no second foe.

We thank Thee for the grace, Descending from above, 
That overflows our widest guilt, Th’ eternal Father’s love. 
Love of the Father’s everlasting Son, 
Love of the Holy Ghost, Jehovah, Three in One.

We thank Thee for the hope, So glad and sure, and clear; 
It holds the drooping spirit up Till the long dawn appear; 
Fair hope! with what a sunshine does it cheer 
Our roughest path on earth, our dreariest desert here.

We thank Thee for the crown Of glory and of life; 
‘Tis no poor with’ring wreath of earth, Man’s prize in mortal strife; 
‘Tis incorruptible as is the throne, 
The kingdom of our God and His incarnate Son.

©


Song 103. O God Our Father, We Would Come

O God our Father, we would come to Thee
In virtue of our Saviour's precious blood;
All distance gone; our souls by grace set free;
We worship Thee, our Father and our God.

We would, O God, present before Thy face
The fragrant name of Thy beloved Son;
By faith we view Him in that holy place,
Which, by His dying, He for us has won.

We share Thy joy in Him who sitteth there;
Our hearts delight in Thy delight in Him;
Chiefest of thousands, fairer than the fair;
His glory naught can tarnish, naught can dim.

We bow in worship now before Thy throne,
By faith the Object of Thy love we would see;
Who, in the midst, His brethren�s song doth lead.
To Him, our Saviour, shall the glory be!

©


Song 104. O Blessed Savior, Is Thy Love

O blessed Savior, is Thy love 
So great, so full, so free?
Fain would we have our thoughts, our hearts, 
Our lives engaged with Thee.

We love Thee for the glorious worth
Which in Thyself we see;
We love Thee for that shameful cross,
Endured so patiently.

No man of greater love can boast
Than for his friend to die;
Thou for Thine enemies wast slain!
What love with Thine can vie?

Though in the very form of God,
With heav'nly glory crowned,
Thou didst a Servant's form assume,
Beset with sorrow round.

Thou wouldst like sinful man be made
In everything but sin,
That we, as like Thee might become,
As we unlike had been:

O Lord, we treasure in our souls
The mem'ry of Thy love;
And ever shall Thy name to us 
A grateful odor prove.

©


Song 105. Immanuel's Land

O Christ, He is the fountain, The deep sweet well of love!
The streams on earth I've tasted, More deep I'll drink above!
There, to an ocean fullness, His mercy doth expand.
And glory, glory dwelleth In Immanuel's land.

With mercy and with judgment My web of time He wove,
And aye the dews of sorrow Were lustred with His love.
I'll bless the hand that guided, I'll bless the heart that planned,
When throned where glory dwelleth, In Immanuel's land.

Oh! I am my Beloved's, And my Beloved's mine!
He brings a poor vile sinner Into His house of wine!
I stand upon His merit, I know no other stand,
Not even where glory dwelleth, In Immanuel's land.

The bride eyes not her garment, But her dear Bridegroom's face:
I will not gaze at glory, But on my King of grace -
Not at the crown He giveth, But on His pierced hand:
The Lamb is all the glory Of Immanuel's land.

©


Song 106. O Head, Once Filled with Bruises

O Head once filled with bruises,
Oppressed with pain and scorn,
O'erwhelmed with sore abuses,
Mocked with a crown of thorn!
O Head to death once wounded
In shame upon the tree,
In glory now surrounded
With brightest majesty!

Thou Lord of all transcendent,
Thou life-creating Sun
To worlds on Thee dependent,
Yet bruised and spit upon!
O Lord! what Thee tormented
Was our sin's heavy load;
We had the debt augmented,
Which Thou didst pay in blood.

We give Thee thanks unfeigned, 
Lord Jesus, Friend in need!
For what Thy soul sustained
When Thou for us didst bleed;
Grant us to lean unshaken 
Upon Thy faithfulness,
Until, to glory taken,
We see Thee face to face.

©


Song 107. O Lord, Thy Love's Unbounded

O Lord, Thy love's unbounded! So full, so vast so free!
Our thoughts are all confounded Whene'er we think of Thee:
For us Thou cam'st from heaven, For us to bleed and die,
That, purchased and forgiven, We might ascend on high.

But oh, the hope of being Forever with the Lord,
The joyful hope of seeing That face for us so marred!
It fills our heart with comfort, It fills our lips with praise,
So that amidst our sorrow A joyful song we raise.

O Lamb of God, we thank Thee, We bless Thy holy name!
Thy love once made Thee willing To bear our sin and shame.
And now Thy love is waiting Thy saints like Thee to raise;
Firstborn of many brethren, To Thee be all the praise!

©


Song 108. O God of Matchless Grace

O God of matchless grace,
We sing unto Thy name!
We stand accepted in the place
That none but Christ could claim.
Our willing hearts have heard Thy voice,
And in Thy mercy we rejoice.

'Tis meet that Thy delight
Should center in Thy Son:
That Thou shouldst place us in Thy sight,
In Him Thy Holy One!
Thy perfect love has cast out fear,
Thy favor shines upon us here!

Eternal is our rest,
O Christ of God, in Thee!
Now of Thy peace, Thy joy possessed,
We wait Thy face to see.
Now to the Father's heart received,
We know in whom we have believed.

A sacrifice to God,
In life or death are we;
Then keep us ever, blessed Lord!
Thus set apart to Thee.
Bought with a price, we're not our own,
We died, we live to God alone!

©


Song 109. O My Savior, Glorified

O my Savior, glorified! Now the heavens, opened wide,
Show to faith's exultant eye One in beauteous majesty.

Worthy of the sweetest praise That my ransomed heart can raise,
Is that Man in whom alone God Himself is fully known.

For those clust'ring glories prove That glad gospel, "God is Love,"
Whilst those wounds, in glory bright, Voice the solemn, "God is Light."

Hark, my soul! thy Savior sings; Catch the joy that music brings;
And, with that sweet flood of song, Pour thy whispering praise along.

O my Savior, glorified, Turn my eye from all beside,
Let me but Thy beauty see, - Other light is dark to me.

©


Song 113. On His Father's Throne is Seated

On His Father's throne is seated
Christ the Lord, the Living One!
All His toil on earth completed,
All His work for sinners done.
In the glory, in the glory,
See Him - God's eternal Son!

Every knee shall bow before Him,
Every tongue confess His name,
Ransomed myriads shall adore Him,
Who endured the sinners shame!
From the glory, from the glory,
God doth now His worth proclaim.

Man, the cross to Him awarded;
Man, the Savior crucified;
This world's judgment stands recorded,
God's own justice satisfied!
By the glory, by the glory,
Christ was claimed on earth who died.

Son of Man, His incarnation
Opened first the tale of grace;
Son of Man, in new creation
Leader of a chosen race!
Well may glory, Well may glory,
Give to Him the honored place!

©


Song 115. On the Lamb Our Souls are Resting

On the Lamb our souls are resting,
What His love no tongue can say,
All our sins, so great, so many,
In His blood are washed away.

Sweetest rest and peace have filled us,
Sweeter praise than tongue can tell;
God is satisfied with Jesus,
We are satisfied as well.

Conscience now no more condemns us,
For His own most precious blood
Once for all has washed and cleansed us,
Cleansed us in the eyes of God.

Filled with this sweet peace forever,
On we go, through strife and care,
Till we find that peace around us
In the Lamb�s high glory there.

©


Song 116. Praise Ye the Lord Again, Again

"Praise ye the Lord," again, again. The Spirit strikes the chord;
Nor toucheth He our hearts in vain; We praise, we praise the Lord.

"Rejoice in Him," again, again, The Spirit speaks the word,
And faith takes up the happy strain; Our joy is in in the Lord.

"Stand fast in Christ," ah, yet again He teacheth all the band!
Since human efforts are in vain, In Christ it is we stand.

"Clean every whit;" Thou saidst it, Lord; Shall one suspicion lurk?
Thine, surely, is a faithful word, And Thine a finished work.

Forever be the glory giv'n To Thee, O Lamb of God!
Our every joy on earth, in heav'n, We owe it to Thy blood.

©


Song 117. Oh, the Peace Forever Flowing (words only)

[Recordings forthcoming, Lord willing]

Oh, the peace forever flowing From God's thoughts of His own Son!
Oh, the peace of simply knowing On the cross that all was done!

Peace with God! the blood in heaven Speaks of pardon now to me:
Peace with God! the Lord is risen! Righteousness now counts me free.

Peace with God is Christ in glory; God is just and God is love;
Jesus died to tell the story, Foes to bring to God above.

Now, free access to the Father, Through the Christ of God, we have;
By the Spirit here abiding, Promise of the Father's love.

Jesus, Savior, we adore Thee! Christ of God - Anointed Son!
We confess Thee, Lord of glory - Fruits of victory Thou hast won!

©


Song 119. Son of God, Twas Love that Made Thee

Son of God, ‘twas love that made Thee, Die, our ruined sins souls to save; 
‘Twas our sins' vast load that laid Thee, Lord of life, within the grave; 
But Thy glorious resurrection showed Thee conqueror o’er the tomb; 
So the saints by Thy protection Through Thy work shall overcome.

Thou to heav’n hast now ascended, ent’ring there by Thine own blood; 
All Thy work of suff’ring ended, Fully wrought the will of God. 
For Thy Church Thou still art caring, For us pleading in Thy love; 
And our place of rest preparing In the Father's house above.

Now the Holy Ghost doth gather Unto God Thy people here; 
We, as sons, cry, “Abba, Father!" His great love excluding fear: 
What a debt of love we owe Thee, Love that we can ne’er express, 
Since we, through the Spirit, know Thee, Christ the Lord, our righteousness.

Son of God, with joy we praise Thee On the Father’s throne above; 
All Thy wondrous work displays Thee, Full of grace and full of love! 
Lord, accept our adoration – For our sins Thou once wast slain; 
Through Thy blood we have salvation; Soon shall share Thine endless reign!

©


Song 120. Rise, My Soul! Behold 'Tis Jesus

Rise my soul! Behold 'tis Jesus, Jesus fills Thy wondering eyes; 
See Him now in glory seated, where thy sins no more can rise.

There, in righteousness transcendent, Lo! He doth in heav'n appear, 
Shows the blood of His atonement as they title to be there.

All thy sins were laid upon Him, Jesus bore them on the tree; 
God, who knew them, laid them on Him, and, believing, thou art free.

God now brings thee to His dwelling, spreads for thee His feast divine, 
Bids thee welcome, ever telling what a portion there is thine.

In that circle of God's favor, circle of the Father's love, 
All is rest, and rest forever, all is perfectness above.

Blessed, glorious word "forever!" Yea, "forever!" is the word; 
Nothing can the ransomed sever, naught divide them from the Lord.

©


Song 121. The Veil is Rent!

The veil is rent: Lo! Jesus stands 
Before the throne of grace;
And clouds of incense from his hands
Fill all that glorious place.

His precious blood is sprinkled there,
Before and on the throne;
And His own wounds in heav'n declare
The work that saves is done.

"Tis finished!" on the cross He said,
In agonies and blood;
'Tis finished! now He lives to plead
Before the face of God.

'Tis finished! here our souls can rest,
His work can never fail;
By Him our Sacrifice and Priest,
We enter thro' the veil.

Within the holiest of all,
Cleansed by His precious blood,
Before the throne we prostrate fall,
And worship Thee, our God.

Boldly our heart and voice we raise,
His name, His blood, our plea;
Assured our prayers and songs of praise 
Ascend, by Him, to Thee.

©


Song 122. The Countless Multitude on High (words only)

The countless multitude on high, That tune their songs to Jesus’ name, 
All merit of their own deny, And Jesus’ worth alone proclaim. 
Firm on the ground of sov’reign grace, They stand before Jehovah's throne; 
The only song in that blest place Is, “Thou art worthy! Thou alone!“

With spotless robes of purest white, And branches of triumphal palm, 
They shout, with transports of delight, Heav’n’s ceaseless, universal psalm: 
“Salvation’s glory all be paid To Him who sits upon the throne, 
And to the Lamb whose blood was shed; Thou! Thou art worthy! Thou alone!

“For Thou wast slain, and in Thy blood These robes were washed so spotless pure; 
Thou mad’st us kings and priests to God, For ever let Thy praise endure."
Let us with joy adopt the strain We soon shall sing forever there: 
“Worthy’s the Lamb for sinners slain, Worthy alone the crown to wear!"

©


Song 123. The Holiest We Enter (words only)

The holiest we enter In perfect peace with God, 
Through whom we found our center In Jesus and His blood: 
Though great may be our dullness In thought and word and deed, 
We glory in the fullness Of Him that meets our need.

Much incense is ascending Before th' eternal throne; 
God graciously is bending To hear each feeble groan; 
To all our prayers and praises Christ adds His sweet perfume, 
And love the censer raises, These odors to consume.

O God, we come with singing, Because the great High Priest 
Our names to Thee is bringing, Nor e’er forgets the least: 
For us He wears the mitre, Where holiness shines bright, 
For us His robes are whiter than heav’n’s unsullied light.

©


Song 124. The Holy One Who Knew No Sin

The Holy One who knew no sin, God made Him sin for us;
The Savior died our souls to win, Upon the shameful cross.
His precious blood alone availed To wash our sins away;
Through weakness He o'er hell prevailed,
Through death He won the day.

His beauty shineth far above Our feeble pow'r of praise,
And we shall live and learn His love Through everlasting days.
The knowing this, that us He loves, Hath made our cup run o'er;
Jesus, Thy name our spirit moves,
Today and evermore.

©


Song 125. The Lord is Ris’n (words only)

The Lord is ris’n; and death’s dark judgment flood 
Is passed, in Him who bought us with His blood.
The Lord is ris’n: we stand beyond the doom 
Of all our sin, through Jesus’ empty tomb.

The Lord is ris’n: with Him we also rose, 
And in His grave see vanquished all our foes. 
The Lord is ris’n: beyond the judgment land, 
In Him, in resurrection-life we stand.

The Lord is ris’n; and now redeemed to God, 
We tread the desert which His feet have trod. 
The Lord is ris’n: the sanctu’ry’s our place, 
Where now we dwell before the Father’s face.

The Lord is ris’n: the Lord has gone before. 
We long to see Him, and to sin no more. 
The Lord is ris’n: our triumph shout shall be, – 
“Thou hast prevailed! Thy people, Lord are free!"

©


Song 126. There Is a Name I Love to Hear

There is a name I love to hear,
I love to speak its worth;
It sounds like music in mine ear,
The sweetest Name on earth.

It tells me of a Saviour's love,
Who died to set me free;
It tells me of His precious blood,
The sinner's perfect plea.

Jesus! the name I love so well,
The name I love to hear;
No saint on earth its worth can tell,
No heart conceive how dear.

This name shall shed its fragrance still
Along life's thorny road,
Shall sweetly smooth the rugged hill
That leads me up to God.

And there, with all the blood-bought throng,
From sin and sorrow free,
I'll sing the new, eternal song
Of Jesus' love to me.

©


Song 127. Thou Art the Everlasting Word

Thou art the everlasting Word,
The Father's only Son,
God manifestly seen and heard,
And heaven's beloved One.

C. Worthy, O Lamb of God, art Thou, 
That ev'ry knee to Thee should bow!

In Thee, most perfectly expressed,
The Father's glories shine,
Of the full Deity possessed,
Eternally Divine!

True image of the Infinite, 
Whose essence is concealed;
Brightness of uncreated light,
The heart of God revealed.

But the high myst'ries of His name,
The creature's grasp transcend;
The Father only (glorious claim!)
The Son can comprehend.

Yet loving Thee, on whom His love
Ineffable doth rest,
Thy members all, in Thee, above,
As one with Thee are blest!

Throughout the universe of bliss,
The center Thou, and Sun,
The eternal theme of praise is this,
To heaven's beloved One.

©


Song 128. A Thousand, A Thousand Thanksgivings

Thou Life of my life, blessed Jesus,
Thou death of the death that was mine,
For me was Thy cross and Thine anguish,
Thy love and Thy sorrow divine;
Thou suffered the cross and the torment,
That I might forever go free -
A thousand, a thousand thanksgivings,
I bring, blessed Savior, to Thee!

For me Thou hast borne the reproaches,
The mockery, hate and disdain;
The blows and the spittings of sinners,
The scourging, the shame and the pain;
To save me from bondage and judgment,
Thou gladly hast suffered for me -
A thousand, a thousand thanksgivings,
I bring, blessed Savior, to Thee!

O Lord, from my heart I do thank Thee
For all Thou hast borne in my room,
Thine agony, dying, unsolaced,
Alone in the darkness of doom,
That I, in the glory of heaven,
Forever and ever might be -
A thousand, a thousand thanksgivings,
I bring, blessed Savior, to Thee!

©


Song 129. We Worship Thee

Thou Son of God, eternal Word,
Who heaven and earth's foundations laid,
Upholding by Thy word and pow'r
The universe Thy hands have made.

C. We worship Thee, all glorious Lord,
Forever be Thy name adored!
We worship Thee, all glorious Lord,
Forever be Thy name adored!

As Lamb of God, Thy path we view,
Thy Father's will Thy whole delight;
To Calvary we trace Thy way,
Each step of Thine, with glory bright;

For us Thine untold sufferings there,
For us the darkness and the woe,
In love, transcending all compare, 
Thou, Lord, for us to death did'st go,

Exalted to the Father's throne,
With glory and with honor crowned,
All at Thy glorious name shall bow,
As Lord of all by each be owned.

©


Song 130. Inside the Veil

Through Thy precious body broken Inside the veil;
O what words to sinners spoken Inside the veil!
Precious as the blood that bought us,
Perfect as the love that sought us,
Holy as the Lamb that brought us Inside the veil!

When we see Thy love unshaken Outside the camp;
Scorned by man, by God forsaken, Outside the camp;
Thy loved cross alone can charm us,
Shame need now no more alarm us,
Glad we follow, nought can harm us Outside the camp.

Lamb of God, through Thee we enter Inside the veil;
Cleansed by Thee, we boldly venture Inside the veil;
Not a stain; a new creation;
Ours is such a full salvation;
Low we bow in adoration Inside the veil.

Unto Thee, the homeless Stranger, Outside the camp,
Forth we hasten, fear no danger Outside the camp.
Thy reproach, far richer treasure
Than all Egypt's boasted pleasure
Drawn by love that knows no measure Outside the camp.

Soon Thy saints shall all be gathered Inside the veil:
All at home, no more be scattered, Inside the veil.
Nought from Thee our hearts shall sever;
We shall see Thee, grieve Thee never;
"Praise the Lamb!" shall sound forever Inside the veil!

©


Song 131. Thy Name We Love, Lord Jesus

Thy name we love, Lord Jesus,
And lowly bow before thee;
And while we live to Thee we give
All blessing, worship, glory.
We sing aloud Thy praises,
Our hearts and voices blending,
'Tis Thou alone we worthy own,
Thy beauty's all transcending.

Thy name we love, Lord Jesus
It tells God's love unbounded
To ruined man ere time began,
Or heav'n and earth were founded.
Thine is a love eternal,
That found in us its pleasure,
That brought Thee low to bear our woe,
And make us Thine own treasure.

Thy name we love, Lord Jesus
It tells Thy birth so lowly,
Thy patience, grace, Thy gentleness,
Thy lonely path, so holy.
Thou wast the "Man of Sorrows;"
Our grief, too, Thou didst bear it;
Our bitter cup, Thou drankest up;
Thy thorny crown,- didst wear it.

Thy name we love, Lord Jesus
God's lamb - Thou was ordained
To bear our sins (Thyself all clean),
And hast our guilt sustained;
We see Thee crowned in glory,
Above the heav'ns now seated,
The vict'ry won, Thy work well done, 
Our righteousness completed.

©


Song 132. What Was It, Blessed God

What was it, blessed God, Led Thee to give Thy Son,
To yield Thy well-beloved For us by sin undone?
'Twas love unbounded led Thee thus 
To give Thy well-beloved for us.
To give Thy well-beloved for us.

What led Thy Son, O God, To leave Thy throne on high,
To shed His precious blood, To suffer and to die?
'Twas love unbounded love to us 
Led Him to die and suffer thus.
Led Him to die and suffer thus.

What moved Thee to impart Thy Spirit from above,
Therewith to fill our heart With heav'nly peace and love?
'Twas love unbounded love to us 
Moved Thee to give Thy Spirit thus.
Moved Thee to give Thy Spirit thus.

What love to Thee we owe, Our God, for all Thy grace!
Our hearts may well o'erflow In everlasting praise!
We join, O Lord, to praise Thee thus,
For all Thy boundless love to us!
For all Thy boundless love to us!

©


Song 134. What Rich Eternal Bursts of Praise

What rich eternal bursts of praise
Shall fill yon courts thro' endless days,
When time shall cease to be!
Around that throne the notes shall swell,
As each redeemed one joins to tell
Thy love, so vast and free!

Each shall the Savior's likeness bear,
A royal crown each brow shall wear,
With robes unsullied white,
The everlasting song shall be,
To Thee, O Lamb of God, to Thee,
'Mid scenes of purest light.

Our joy unhindered then with Thee,
Our eyes undimmed Thy glory see,
Whilst worthy praise we give,
Through that eternal cloudless day,
Our burning hearts with rapture say,
He died that we might live.

©


Song 135. We'll Praise Thee Glorious Lord (words only)

We'll praise Thee, glorious Lord,
Who died to set us free,
No earthly songs can joy afford
Like heavenly melody.

Love that no suffering stayed,
We'll praise true love divine;
Love that for us atonement made,
Love that has made us Thine.

Love in Thy lonely life
Of sorrow here below;
Thy words of grace, with mercy rife,
Make grateful praises flow.

Love that on death's dark vale
Its sweetest odors spread,
Where sin o'er all seemed to prevail,
Redemption's glory shed.

And now we see Thee risen,
Who once for us hast died,
Seated above the highest heaven,
The Father's glorified.

Jesus, we wait for Thee,
With Thee to have our part;
What can full joy and blessing be
But being where Thou art?

©


Song 136. Worthy of Homage and of Praise

Worthy of homage and praise;
Worthy by all to be adored:
Exhaustless theme of heav'nly lays!
Thou, Thou are worthy, Jesus, Lord.

Now seated on Jehovah's throne, 
The Lamb once slain, in glory bright:
'Tis thence Thou watchest o'er Thine own,
Guarding us thro' the deadly fight.

To Thee, e'en now, our song we raise,
Tho' sure the tribute mean must prove:
No mortal tongue can tell Thy ways, 
So full of light and life and love.

Yet, Savior, Thou shalt have full praise:
We soon shall meet Thee on the cloud,
We soon shall see Thee face to face,
In glory praising as we would.

©


Song 137. What Grace, O Lord

What grace, O Lord, and beauty shone
Around Thy steps below!
What patient love was seen in all
Thy life and death of woe!

Forever on Thy burdened heart
A weight of sorrow hung;
Yet no ungentle murm'ring word
Escaped Thy silent tongue.

Thy foes might hate, despise, revile -
Thy firends unfaithful prove;
Unwearied in forgiveness still,
Thy heart could only love.

Oh, give us hearts to love like Thee -
Like Thee, O Lord, to grieve
Far more for other's sins than all
The wrongs that we receive.

One with Thyself, may ev'ry eye
In us, Thy brethren, see
That gentleness and grace that spring
From union, Lord, with Thee.

©


Song 140. Praise the Lamb

Worthy, worthy is the Lamb -
Worthy, worthy is the Lamb -
Worthy, worthy is the Lamb - That was slain!

C. Praise Him, Hallelujah!
Bless Him, Hallelujah!
Praise Him, Hallelujah!
Praise the Lamb!

Thou redeemst our souls to God -
Thou redeemst our souls to God -
Thou redeemst our souls to God - By Thy blood.

Thou hast made us kings and priests -
Thou hast made us kings and priests -
Thou hast made us kings and priests - To our God.

We shall ever reign with Thee -
We shall ever reign with Thee -
We shall ever reign with Thee - Lamb of God.

©


Song 141. Lead Me to Calvary

King of my life, I crown Thee now, Thine shall the glory be; 
Lest I forget Thy thorn–crowned brow, lead me to Calvary.

C. Lest I forget Gethsemane; Lest I forget Thine agony; 
Lest I forget Thy love for me, lead me to Calvary.

Show me the tomb where Thou wast laid, Tenderly mourned and wept; 
Angels in robes of light arrayed Guarded Thee whilst Thou slept.

Let me like Mary, through the gloom, Come with a gift to Thee; 
Show to me now the empty tomb, Lead me to Calvary.

May I be willing, Lord to bear Daily my cross for Thee; 
Even Thy cup of grief to share, Thou hast borne all for me.

©


Song 142. According to Thy Gracious Word (words only)

According to Thy gracious word, In deep humility 
This would I do, O Christ, my Lord, I would remember Thee.

The body, given for my sake, My bread from heav’n shall be: 
Thy testamental cup I take, And thus remember Thee.

Remember Thee, and all Thy pains, And all Thy love to me; 
Yea, while a breath – a pulse remains, Would I remember Thee.

And when, O Lord, Thou com’st again, And I Thy glory see, 
Forever as the Lamb once slain, I will remember Thee.

©


Song 143. Alas! and Did My Savior Bleed

Alas! and did my Savior bleed?
And did my Sovereign die?
Would He devote that sacred head
For such a worm as I?

Was it for crimes that I have done
He groaned upon the tree?
Amazing pity! grace unknown!
And love beyond degree!

Well might the sun in darkness hide,
And shut his glories in,
When the incarnate Maker died
For man, His creature's sin.

Thus might I hide my blushing face,
While His dear cross appears;
Dissolve my heart in thankfulness,
And melt my eyes to tears.

©


Song 144. Amidst Us Our Beloved Stands

Amidst us our Beloved stands,
And bids us view His pierced hands;
Points to the wounded feet and side,
Blest emblems of the Crucified.

What food luxurious loads the board,
When, at His table, sits the Lord!
The wine how rich, the bread how sweet,
When Jesus deigns the guests to meet!

If now, with eyes defiled and dim,
We see the signs, but see not Him;
O, may His love the scales displace,
And bid us see Him face to face!

Thou glorious Bridegroom of our hearts,
Thy present smile a heav'n imparts!
O, lift the veil, if veil there be,
Let ev'ry saint Thy glory see!

©


Song 145. Around Thy Table, Holy Lord (words only)

Around Thy table, holy Lord, In fellowship we meet, 
Obedient to Thy gracious word, This feast of love to eat.

Here ev’ry one that loves Thy name, Our willing hearts embrace; 
Our source of life and hope the same, All debtors to Thy grace.

Commune with each at this blest hour, Thy peace, Thy joy impart; 
Thy thoughts of love, of truth, of power, Impress upon each heart.

©


Song 146. Behold! Behold the Lamb of God

Behold! behold the Lamb of God,
On the cross! On the cross!
For us He shed His precious blood,
On the cross! On the cross!
O hear His all-important cry,
“Eli, lama sabachthani?”
Draw near and see the Savior die,
On the cross! On the cross!

Behold His arms extended wide,
On the cross! On the cross!
Behold His bleeding hands and side,
On the cross! On the cross!
The sun withholds its rays of light,
The heav’ns are clothed in shades of night,
While Jesus wins the glorious fight,
On the cross! On the cross!

By faith we see Him lifted up,
On the cross! On the cross!
He drinks for us the bitter cup,
On the cross! On the cross!
The rocks do rend, the mountains quake,
While Jesus doth atonement make,
While Jesus suffers for our sake,
On the cross! On the cross!

And now the mighty deed is done,
On the cross! On the cross!
The battle fought, the vict’ry won,
On the cross! On the cross!
To heav’n He turns triumphant eyes;
"’Tis finished” now, the Conqu’ror cries,
Then bows His sacred head and dies,
On the cross! On the cross!

But now He’s ris’n, ascended, crowned,
On the throne! On the throne!
Heav’n’s highest place for Him is found,
On the throne! On the throne!
Our hearts we low in worship bow,
And join, as one, to hail Him now:
“Worthy, O Lamb of God, art Thou!”
On the throne! On the throne!

©


Song 147. Behold! A Spotless Victim Dies (words only)

Behold! A spotless Victim dies, My Surety on the tree; 
The Lamb of God, the Sacrifice, He gave Himself for me!

Whatever curse was mine, He bore; The wormwood and the gall,
There, in that lone mysterious hour, My cup – He drained it all!

Lord Jesus! Thou, and none beside, It’s bitterness could know,
Nor others tell Thy joy’s full tide That from that cup shall flow.

Thine is the joy, but yet ‘tis mine. ‘Tis ours as one with Thee;
My joy flows from that grief of Thine; Thy death brings life to me!

And while the ages roll along, This shall my glory be; 
And this the new and endless song, Thy love to us - to me!

©


Song 149. Beneath the Cross of Jesus

Beneath the cross of Jesus I fain would take my stand,
The shadow of a mighty Rock Within a weary land;
A home within the wilderness, A rest upon the way,
From the burning of the noontide heat And the burden of the day.

O safe and happy shelter! O refuge tried and sweet!
O trysting-place, where heaven's love And heaven's justice meet!
As to the pilgrim patriarch That wondrous dream was giv'n,
So seems my Savior's cross to me A ladder up to heav'n.

Upon the cross of Jesus, Mine eye at times can see
The very dying form of One Who suffered there for me;
And from my smitten heart with tears, Two wonders I confess,
The wonder of His glorious love, And my own worthlessness.

I take the cross of Jesus For my abiding place;
I ask no other sunshine than The sunshine of His face;
Content to let the world go by, To know no gain nor loss:
My sinful self my only shame, My glory all the cross.

©


Song 150. Crowned with Thorns Upon the Tree (words only)

Crowned with thorns upon the tree, Silent in Thine agony; 
Dying, crushed beneath the load Of the wrath and curse of God.

On Thy pale and suff’ring brow, Mystery of love and woe; 
On Thy grief and sore amaze, Savior, I would fix my gaze!

On Thy holy, loving breast Thou dost bid the weary rest; 
Rest there from the world’s false ways, Rest there from its vanities.

Rest in pardon and relief, From the load of guilt and grief; 
Rest in Thy redeeming blood, Rest in perfect peace with God.

Sin-atoning Sacrifice, Thou art precious in mine eyes; 
Thou alone my rest shall be, now and through eternity.

©


Song 152. Down to the Depths of Woe

Down to the depths of woe
Christ came to set me free:
He bared His breast, received the blow,
Which Justice aimed at me!

There Justice met my sin,
On the accursed tree:
To prove His love, my heart to win,
Christ "gave Himself for me!"

As Advocate on high,
My soul, He pleads for thee!
And when I wander, draws me nigh -
He ever lives for me!

Through all this desert place,
My Guide and Strength is He,
Till I shall see Him face to face,
When He shall come for me!

Yes! soon this waiting hour
On time's swift wing shall flee:
Soon He will come in glorious power -
Jesus Himself for me!

©


Song 153. For the Bread and For the Wine

For the bread and for the wine, For the pledge that seals Him mine, 
For the words of love divine, We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

Only bread and only wine, Yet to faith the solemn sign 
Of the heav’nly and divine! We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

For the words that turn our eye To the cross of Calvary, 
Bidding us in faith draw nigh, We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

For the words that tell of home, Pointing us beyond the tomb, 
“Do ye this, until I come!” We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

Till He come we take the bread, Type of Him on whom we feed, 
Him who liveth and was dead! We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

Till He come we take the cup; As we at His table sup, 
Eye and heart are lifted up! We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

For that coming, here foreshown, For that day to man unknown, 
For the glory and the throne, We give Thee thanks, O Lord.

©


Song 154. Jesus, Blessed Lord and Savior (words only)

Jesus, blessed Lord and Savior, Bowed in death on Calv’ry’s tree, 
Darkest hour of bitter judgment, Borne to set Thy people free; 
Sweet our portion, sweet our portion, As we thus remember Thee.

From the highest heights of glory, To the cross of deepest shame, 
Thus accomplishing redemption, Jesus in His pity came; 
Precious Savior, precious Savior, We adore Thy matchless name!

From the darkness and the distance, From the crushing load of sin, 
Blessed Savior, Thou hast freed us, By Thy blood hast made us clean: 
In Thy beauty In Thy beauty Now Thy ransomed ones are seen.

Thus assured of Thine acceptance We to God may now draw near; 
In the holiest may worship; Perfect love hath cast out fear; 
To the Father To the Father We, in Christ, are near and dear.

©


Song 156. Jesus, Lord, I’m Never Weary (words only)

Jesus, Lord, I’m never weary Looking on Thy cross and shame;
Gazing there I seem so near Thee, Dear to me each throb of pain. 
Ever near Thee, ever near Thee, Ling’ring here I would remain.

Little cared I for the anguish Of Thy bitter, bitter cry; 
Left alone, Lord, there to languish, None to share Thy parting sigh. 
All forsaken! All forsaken! Left alone, O Lord, to die.

Jesus, Savior, I have found Thee All my utmost need required;
In Thyself, Lord, Thou hast found me All Thy loving heart desired. 
I would praise Thee I would praise Thee From my soul by love inspired.

All my sins were laid upon Thee, All my guilt was on Thee laid, 
And the blood of Thine atonement All my utmost debt has paid. 
Gracious Savior, gracious Savior, I believe, for Thou hast said.

Thine almighty arms around me, And my head is on Thy breast, 
For my weary soul has found Thee Such a perfect, perfect rest. 
Gracious Savior, gracious Savior, Now I know that I am blest.

©


Song 157. Jesus, Lord, We Know Thee Present

Jesus, Lord, we know Thee present At They table freshly spread,
Seated at Thy priceless banquet, With Thy banner overhead.
Precious moments at Thy table, From all fear and doubt set free;
Here to rest, so sweetly able Occupied alone with Thee.

Here rejoicing in Thy nearness, Gladly by Thy Spirit led;
Calmly in the blest remembrance Of Thy precious blood once shed.
Lord, we take each simple token In fond memory of Thee;
Muse upon Thy body broken, And Thy blood shed on the tree.

Oh, what joy it is to see Thee, In these chosen emblems here;
In the bread and wine of blessing - Bread to strengthen, wine to cheer!
Lord, behold us met together, One in Thee, our risen Head,
Thus we take the cup of blessing Thus we share the broken bread.

Lord, we know how true Thy promise To be with us where we meet,
When in Thy loved name we gather To enjoy communion sweet;
Dearer still that looked for promise, To each waiting, yearning heart,
That with Thee we soon shall be, Lord, Yea, "forever" where Thou art

©


Song 159. Life, Life of Love Poured Out

Life, life of love poured out fragrant and holy!
Life, 'mid rude thorns of earth, stainless and sweet!
Life, whence God's face of love, glorious but lowly,
Shines forth to bow us, Lord, low at Thy feet!

Grief, grief of love that drew hate's ev'ry arrow!
Grief that Thy suff'ring heart only could meet!
Grief, whence Thy face of love, shining in sorrow,
Draws us, adoring, Lord, low at Thy feet!

Death, death of stricken love, wrath's sea exploring!
Death, Life's mysterious death - deep meeting deep!
Death, whence Thy bursting heart fills ours out-pouring
All, all in worship, Lord, low at Thy feet!

©


Song 160. We Would Remember Thee (words only)

Lord Jesus Christ, we would remember Thee, As, on the table, we the emblems see; 
Thy holy body shadowed in the bread, Thy precious blood is in the cup portrayed.

Lord, we adore Thee for Thy matchless grace, That Thou, for us, didst take the servants place;
From Godhead’s glory to the shameful tree, From wealth, so vast, to abject poverty!

O, Lamb of God, we join to bless Thy name, That Thou, on Calv’ry, bore our sin and shame;
And, by Thy death, didst put our guilt away, Triumphant rose, our night to turn to day.

We see Thee now, at God’s right hand enthroned, Vested with honor, and with glory crowned:
Blessed Redeemer, Savior, Lord: to Thee Be all the glory, pow’r and majesty!

©


Song 162. Meeting in the Savior’s Name (words only)

Meeting in the Savior’s name, “Breaking bread” by His command, 
To the world we thus proclaim On what ground we hope to stand, 
When the Lord shall come with clouds, Joined by heav’n’s exulting crowds.

From the cross our hope we draw, ‘Tis the sinner’s sure resource; 
Jesus magnified the law, Jesus bore its awful curse; 
What a joyful truth is this! O how full of hope it is!

Jesus died, and then arose; Yes, He rose, He lives to reign; 
He will vanquish all His foes When to earth He comes again; 
His the triumph and the crown, His the glory and renown.

Sing we, then, of Him who died, Sing of Him who rose again; 
By His blood we’re justified, And with Him we hope to reign:
Yes, we look to see our Lord, and to share His bright reward!

©


Song 163. Nailed Upon Golgotha’s Tree (words only)

Nailed upon Golgotha’s tree – Faint and bleeding. Who is He? 
Hands and feet so rudely torn, Wreathed with crown of twisted thorn. 
Once He lived in heav’n above, Happy in His Father‘s love, 
Son of God, ‘tis He, ‘tis He, On the cross of Calvary.

Nailed upon Golgotha's tree - Mocked and taunted. Who is He? 
Scorners tell Him to come down. Claim His kingdom and His crown. 
He it was who came to bless, Full of love and tenderness. 
Son of Man, ‘tis He, ‘tis He, On the cross of Calvary.

Nailed upon Golgotha’s tree – As a victim. Who is He? 
Bearing sin, but not His own, Suff’ring agony unknown. 
He, the promised sacrifice. For our sins has paid the price. 
Lamb of God, ‘tis He, ‘tis He, On the cross of Calvary.

Throned in glorious majesty, Lord triumphant - Who is He? 
E’en the same Who came to die, Now in heav’n, exalted high; 
With adoring hearts we now At His blessed feet would bow.
Lord of all, ‘tis He, ‘tis He, ‘Throned in glorious majesty!

©


Song 165. O Christ, What Burdens Bowed Thy Head

O Christ, what burdens bowed Thy head! Our load was laid on Thee;
Thou stoodest in the sinner's stead - To bear all ill for me.
A Victim led, Thy blood was shed; Now there's no load for me.

Death and the curse were in our cup - O Christ, 'twas full for Thee!
But Thou hast drained the last dark drop, 'Tis empty now for me.
That bitter cup - love drank it up; Left but the love for me.

Jehovah lifted up His rod - O Christ, it fell on Thee!
Thou was sore stricken of Thy God; There's not one stroke for me.
Thy blood beneath that rod has flowed: Thy bruising healeth me.

The tempest's awful voice was heard, O Christ, it broke on Thee;
Thy open bosom was my ward; It bore the storm for me.
Thy form was scarred, Thy visage marred; Now cloudless peace for me.

For me, Lord Jesus, Thou hast died, And I have died in Thee;
Thou'rt ris'n: my bands are all untied, And now Thou liv'st in me.
The Father's face of radiant grace Shine now in light on me!

©


Song 166. Lord, E'en to Death Thy Love Could Go (words only)

Lord, e'en to death Thy love could go, A death of shame and loss,
To vanquish for us ev'ry foe, And break the strong man's force.

Oh, what a load was Thine to bear, Alone in that dark hour,
Our sins in all their terror there, God's wrath and Satan's pow'r!

The storm that bowed Thy blessed head Is hushed forever now,
And rest divine is ours instead, Whilst glory crowns Thy brow.

Within the Father's house on high we soon shall sign Thy praise,
But here, where Thou didst bleed and die, we learn that song to raise.

©


Song 167. O Lord of Glory! Who Couldst Leave

O Lord of glory! who couldst leave
The height supreme in death to lie,
What tongue shall sing, what heart conceive
The love divine that made Thee die?
Bought with a price, forever Thine,
We break this bread, and drink this wine.

When here on earth, Thou wast alone
Proclaimer of this love to men;
Upon the cross 'twas fully known,
For God came forth to meet us then;
Rent from above, the parted veil
Announced to all that wondrous tale.

But ris'n, the Firstborn from the dead,
Triumphant hast Thou entered in;
The glorious Man, the living Head,
Thrice worthy Thou our hearts to win:
In Thy blest face all glories shine,
And there we gaze on love divine

©


Song 168. O Lord, When We the Path Retrace

O Lord, when we the path retrace
Which Thou on earth hast trod,
To man Thy wondrous love and grace,
Thy faithfulness to God;

Thy love, by man so sorely tried,
Proved stronger than the grave;
The very spear that pierced Thy side
Drew forth the blood to save;

Faithful amidst unfaithfulness,
'Mid darkness only light,
Thou didst Thy Father's name confess,
And in His will delight;

Unmoved by Satan's subtle wiles,
Or suffering shame and loss,
Thy path, uncheered by earthly smiles,
Led only to the cross:

We wonder at Thy lowly mind,
And fain would like Thee be,
And all our rest and pleasure find 
In learning, Lord, of Thee.

©


Song 169. Lord, We Would Ne'er Forget Thy Love

Lord, we would ne'er forget Thy love, Who hast redeemed us by Thy blood;
And now, as our High Priest above Dost intercede for us with God.

Lord, we would not forget the pain, The blood-like sweat, the shameful tree,
The wrath Thy soul did once sustain, From sin and death to set us free.

We would remember we are one With ev'ry saint that loves Thy name;
United to Thee on the throne, Our life, our hope, our Lord the same.

Here, in the broken bread and wine, We hear Thee say, "remember Me!
I gave My life to ransom thine, I bore the wrath to set thee free."

Lord, we are Thine, we praise Thy love, One with Thy saints, all one in Thee;
We would, until we meet above, In all our ways remember Thee.

©


Song 170. O Spotless Lamb of God

O spotless Lamb of God, in Thee
The Father's holiness we see;
And with delight Thy children trace,
In Thee, His wondrous love and grace.

For Thou didst leave Thy throne above
To teach us that our God is Love;
And now we see His glory shine
In every word and deed of Thine.

When we behold Thee, Lamb of God, 
Beneath our sin's tremendous load;
Expiring on the accursed tree,
How great our guilt, with grief we see.

There we with joy Thy grace behold;
It's height and depth can ne'er be told!
It bursts our chains and sets us free,
And sweetly draws our souls to Thee.

The cross reveals Thy love below;
But better soon our hearts shall know,
When we behold Thy face above, 
The fulness of our Father's love.

©


Song 171. Oh, My Savior Crucified (words only)

Oh, my Savior crucified 
Near Thy cross would I abide,
Gazing with adoring eye 
On Thy dying agony.

Jesus bruised and put to shame,
Tells me all Jehovah's name;
God is love, I surely know
By the Savior's depths of woe.

In His spotless soul's distress,
I have learnt my guiltiness;
Oh how vile my low estate,
Since my ransom was so great!

Rent the veil that closed the way
To my home of heavenly day,
In the flesh of Christ the Lord,
Ever be His name adored!

Yet in sight of Calvary,
Contrite should my spirit be,
Rest and holiness there find
Fashioned like my Savior's mind.

©


Song 173. O Thou Great All-Gracious Shepherd (words only)

O Thou great all-gracious Shepherd, Shedding for us Thy life‘s blood, 
Unto shame and death delivered, All to bring us nigh to God! 
Now our willing hearts adore Thee, Now we taste Thy dying love, 
While by faith we come before Thee, Faith which lifts our souls above.

As our Surety we behold Thee, Ransoming our souls from death; 
As the willing Victim view Thee, Yielding up to God Thy breath. 
In this broken bread we own Thee, Bruised for us and put to shame; 
And this cup, O Lord, we thank Thee, Speaks our pardon through Thy name.

But ‘tis past, and, Lord, we hail Thee Crowned with glory on the throne; 
Meet it is Thy saints should bless Thee For the place Thy death has won: 
Won for us, that in full measure we should have our part with Thee;
Taste the river of Thy pleasure, Share in all Thy victory.

©


Song 175. On That Same Night, Lord Jesus

On that same night, Lord Jesus, When all around Thee joined
To cast its darkest shadow Across Thy holy mind,
We hear Thy voice, blest Savior, “This do, remember me”,
With grateful hearts responding, We do remember Thee.

The depth of all Thy suffering No heart could e’er conceive,
The cup of wrath o’erflowing For us Thou didst receive;
And, oh, of God forsaken On the accursed tree;
With grateful hearts, Lord Jesus, We now remember Thee.

We think of all the darkness Which round Thy spirit pressed,
Of all those waves and billows, Which rolled across Thy breast.
Oh, there Thy grace unbounded And perfect love we see;
With joy and sorrow mingling, We would remember Thee.

We know Thee now as risen, The Firstborn from the dead;
We see Thee now ascended, The Church’s glorious Head.
In Thee by grace accepted, The heart and mind set free
To think of all Thy sorrow, And thus remember Thee.

Till Thou shalt come in glory, And call us hence away,
To rest in all the brightness Of that unclouded day,
We show Thy death, Lord Jesus, And here would seek to be
More to Thy death conformed, While we remember Thee.

©


Song 177. Savior, We Remember Thee! (words only)

Savior, we remember Thee!  Thy deep woe and agony, 
All Thy suff’ring on the tree, Savior, we adore Thee!

Calvary! O Calvary! Mercy’s vast unfathomed sea, 
Love, eternal love to me. Savior, we adore Thee!

Darkness hung around Thy head, When for sin Thy blood was shed, 
Victim in the sinner’s stead. Savior, we adore Thee!

Jesus, Lord, Thou now art ris’n! Thou hast all our sins forgiv’n; 
Haste we to our home in heav’n. Savior, we adore Thee!

Soon, with joyful, glad surprise, We shall hear Thy word - Arise! 
Mounting upward to the skies. Glory, glory, glory!

Savior, we Thy love adore; We will praise Thee more and more; 
Spread Thy name from shore to shore! Savior, we adore Thee!

©


Song 178. Sweet Feast of Love Divine (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Sweet feast of love divine!
Tis grace that makes us free
To feed upon this bread and wine,
In mem’ry, Lord, of Thee.

Here every welcome guest
Waits, Lord, from Thee to learn
The secrets of Thy Father’s breast,
And all Thy grace discern.

Here conscience ends its strife,
And faith delights to prove
The sweetness of the Bread of Life,
The fullness of Thy love.

That blood that flowed for sin
In symbol here we see,
And feel the blessed pledge within
That we are loved of Thee.

O if this glimpse of love
Is so divinely sweet,
What will it be, O Lord, above,
Thy gladd’ning smile to meet!

To see Thee face to face,
Thy perfect likeness wear,
And all Thy ways of wondrous grace
Through endless years declare.

©


Song 179. Sweet the Moments (words only)

Sweet the moment which, in blessing, Musing o’er the cross we spend; 
Life and health and peace possessing From the sinners’ dying Friend.

Here we rest, - in wonder viewing All our guilt on Jesus laid! 
And a full redemption flowing From the sacrifice He made.

Here we find the dawn of heaven, While upon the Lamb we gaze, 
See our trespasses forgiven, And our songs of triumph raise.

Oh, that strong in faith abiding, We may to the Savior cleave, 
Naught with Him our hearts dividing, All for Him content to leave!

May we still, God’s mind discerning, To the Lamb for wisdom go:
There new wonders daily learning, All the depths of mercy know.

©


Song 180. The Lamb of God to Slaughter Led (words only)

The Lamb of God to slaughter led, The King of Glory see! 
The crown of thorns upon His head, They nail Him to the tree!

The Father gives his only Son; The Lord of Glory dies
For us, the guilty and undone, A spotless Sacrifice!

Thy name is Holy, O our God! Before Thy throne we bow; 
Thy bosom is Thy saints’ abode, We call Thee Father now!

Enthroned with Thee, now sits the Lord, And in Thy bosom dwells 
Justice, that smote Him with the sword, Our perfect pardon seals.

Eternal death was once our doom; Now death has lost its sting; 
We rose with Jesus from the tomb, Jehovah's love to sing.

©


Song 180. The Lamb of God to Slaughter Led

The Lamb of God to slaughter led, The King of Glory see!
The crown of thorns upon His head, They nail Him to the tree!

The Father gives His only Son; The Lord of Glory dies
For us, the guilty and undone, A spotless Sacrifice!

Thy name is holy, O our God! Before Thy throne we bow;
Thy bosom is Thy saints' abode, We call Thee Father now!

Enthroned with Thee, now sits the Lord, And in Thy bosom dwells
Justice, that smote Him with the sword, Our perfect pardon seals.

Eternal death was once our doom; Now death has lost its sting,
We rose with Jesus from the tomb, Jehovah's love to sing.

©


Song 181. This Do, Remember Me (words only)

“This do, remember Me” – O blessed, living Lord, 
What depths of grace we now can trace In that most precious word!

“This do, remember Me” – Oh, deep desire of love, 
As 'round Thy soul those waves did roll, God's judgment from above.

“This do, remember Me" - Oh, what a savor sweet
For God above! for man, what love, In all Thy work complete!

Now gathered round Thyself, With heart and conscience free, 
O Lord, once dead, our living Head, We do remember Thee!

©


Song 182. To Calv’ry, Lord, In Spirit Now (words only)

To Calv’ry, Lord, in spirit now Our grateful souls repair, 
To dwell upon Thy dying love, And taste its sweetness there.

Sweet resting-place of ev’ry heart That feels the plague of sin, 
Yet knows the deep, mysterious joy Of peace with God within.

There, through Thine hour of deepest woe, Thy suff’ring spirit passed; 
Grace there its wondrous vict’ry gained, And love endured its last.

O Lamb of God! Thy bleeding wounds, With cords of love divine, 
Have drawn our willing hearts to Thee, And linked our life with Thine.

Our longing eyes would fain behold That bright and blessed brow, 
Once wrung with bitterest anguish, wear Its crown of glory now.

Thy sympathies and hopes are ours: We long, O Lord, to see 
Creation all – below, above, Redeemed and blessed by Thee.

©


Song 187. We Sing the Praise of Him Who Died (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

We sing the praise of Him who died, Of Him who died upon the cross,
The sinner's Hope - though men deride, For Him we count the world but loss.

Inscribed upon the cross we see, In shining letters, "God is love!"
The Lamb who died upon the tree Has brought us mercy from above.

The cross! it takes our guilt away; It holds the fainting spirit up;
It cheers with hope the gloomy day, And sweetens ev'ry bitter cup.

It makes the coward spirit brave, And nerves the feeble arm for fight;
It takes its terror from the grave, And gilds the bed of death with light.

The balm of life, the cure of woe, The measure and the pledge of love,
The sinner's refuge here below, The theme of praise in heav'n above.

©


Song 188. When I Survey the Wondrous Cross

When I survey the wondrous cross
On which the Lord of glory died,
My richest gain I count but loss,
And pour contempt on all my pride.

Forbid it Lord, that I should boast,
Save in the cross of Christ my God;
All the vain things that charm me most,
I sacrifice them to His blood.

See, from His head, His hands, His feet,
Sorrow and love flow mingled down;
Did e'er such love and sorrow meet,
Or thorns compose so rich a crown?

Were the whole realm of nature mine,
That were an off'ring far too small;
Love so amazing, so divine,
Demands my heart, my life, my all!

©


Song 192. The Cross! The Cross! (words only)

The cross! the cross! the blood-stained cross! The cross of Christ I see, 
It tells me of that precious blood that once was shed for me.

The wrath! the wrath! the awful wrath That Jesus felt for me! 
When bearing my sin’s heavy load He died on Calvary.

But Jesus lives! the Savior lives! In heav’n He pleads for me; 
And boldly I approach to God, His blood my only plea.

He comes! He comes! the Savior comes! Who bled and died for me; 
Then will I sing, with rapture sing, When gazing, Lord, on Thee.

©


Song 195. I Shall Be Like Thy Son

And is it so - I shall be like Thy Son?
Is this the grace which He for me has won? 
Father of glory, (thought beyond all thought!)
In glory, to His own blest likeness brought!

Oh, Jesus, Lord, who loved me like to Thee? 
Fruit of Thy work, with Thee, too, there to see 
Thy glory, Lord, while endless ages roll,
Myself the prize and travail of Thy soul.

Yet it must be: Thy love had not its rest
Were Thy redeemed not with Thee fully blest.
That love that gives not as the world, but shares 
All it possesses  with its loved co-heirs.

Nor I alone; Thy loved ones all, complete
In glory, round Thee there with joy shall meet, -
All like Thee, for Thy glory like Thee, Lord,
Object supreme of all, by all adored.

©


Song 197. Watch for Me, For I am Coming (words only)

Deeper grows the darkness ‘round us Fiercer grows the strife; 
Still our absent Lord obeying, Yield we but with life.

C. “Watch for Me, for I am coming,” This His promise still; 
And our hearts respond with gladness, “Blessed Lord, we will!”

Satan’s mighty hosts assail us, Spreading snares around; 
Striving by all arts to drive us From this holy ground.

Hearts grow faint, and eyes grow weary, Watching thro’ the night; 
But we know a day of splendor Dawns with morning light.

Then the waiting time is ended, Then the battle won; 
Then the Lord will crown the victors With His glad “Well done!”

©


Song 199. In Hope We Lift Our Eyes

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

In hope we lift our wishful, longing eyes,
Waiting to see the Morning Star arise;
How bright, how gladsome will His advent be,
Before the Sun shines forth in majesty!

How will our eyes to see His face delight,
Whose love has cheered us through the darksome night!
How will our ears drink in His well-known voice,
Whose faintest whispers make our soul rejoice!

No strain within, no foes or snares around,
No jarring notes shall there discordant sound;
All pure without, all pure within the breast;
No thorns to wound, no toil to mar our rest.

If here on earth the thoughts of Jesus’ love
Lift our poor heart this weary world above,
If even here the taste of heav’nly springs
So cheers the spirit, that the pilgrim sings.

What will the sunshine of His glory prove?
What the unmingled fullness of His love?
What hallelujahs will His presence raise?
What, but one loud eternal burst of praise?

©


Song 202. I’m Waiting for Thee Lord (words only)

I’m waiting for Thee, Lord, Thy beauty to see, Lord, 
I’m waiting for Thee, for Thy coming again. 
Thou’rt gone over there, Lord, A place to prepare, Lord, 
Thy home I shall share at Thy coming again.

‘Mid danger and fear, Lord, I’m oft weary here, Lord; 
The day must be near of Thy coming again. 
‘Tis all sunshine there, Lord, no sighing or care, Lord, 
But glory so fair at Thy coming again.

Whilst Thou art away, Lord, I stumble and stray, Lord; 
O hasten the day of Thy coming again! 
This is not my rest, Lord; A pilgrim confessed, Lord, 
I wait to be blest at Thy coming again.

E’en now let my ways, Lord, Be bright with Thy praise, Lord, 
For brief are the days ere Thy coming again. 
I’m waiting for Thee, Lord, Thy beauty to see, Lord: 
No triumph for me like Thy coming again!

©


Song 204. I am Waiting for the Dawning

I am waiting for the dawning 
Of the bright and blessed day, 
When the dark-some night of sorrow 
Shall have vanished far away; 
When for ever with the Saviour, 
Far beyond this vale of tears, 
I shall swell the song of worship 
Through the everlasting years.

I am looking at the brightness, 
See, it shineth from afar, 
Of the clear and joyous beaming 
Of the "Bright and Morning Star." 
Through the dark grey mist of morning
Do I see its glorious light;
Then away with every shadow
Of this sad and weary night.

I am waiting for the coming 
Of the Lord who died for me; 
O His words have thrilled my spirit, 
"I will come again for thee." 
I can almost hear His footfall 
On the threshold of the door, 
And my heart, my heart is longing 
To be with Him evermore.

©


Song 205. Christ Returneth

It may be at morn, when the day is awaking,
When sunlight through darkness and shadow is breaking,
That Jesus will come in the fullness of glory,
To receive from the world His own.

C. O Lord Jesus, how long, how long ere we shout the glad song?
Christ returneth - Hallelujah!  Hallelujah! Amen.
Hallelujah! Amen.

It may be at midday, it may be at twilight,
It may be, perchance, that the blackness of midnight
Will burst into light in the blaze of His glory,
When Jesus receives His own.

While its hosts cry hosanna, from heaven descending,
With glorified saints and the angels attending,
With grace on His brow, like a halo of glory,
Will Jesus receive His own.

Oh, joy, oh, delight, should we go without dying!
No sickness, no sadness, no dreading, no crying!
Caught up through the clouds with our Lord into glory,
When Jesus receives His own.

©


Song 207. Midst the Darkness (words only)

‘Midst the darkness, storm, and sorrow, One bright gleam I see; 
Well I know the blessed morrow Christ will come for me. 
‘Midst the light, and peace, and glory Of the Father’s home, 
Christ for me is waiting, watching, Waiting ‘till I come.

Who is this, who comes to meet me, On the desert way, 
As the Morning Star foretelling God’s unclouded day? 
He it is who came to win me, On the cross of shame; 
In His glory well I know Him Evermore the same.

O the blessed joy of meeting All the desert past. 
O the wondrous words of greeting He shall speak at last! 
He and I together ent’ring Those bright courts above; 
He and I together sharing All the Father’s love.

Where no shade nor stain can enter, Nor the gold be dim; 
In that holiness unsullied I shall walk with Him. 
Meet companion, then, for Jesus, From Him, for Him, made; 
Glory of God's grace forever There in me displayed.

He, who in the hour of sorrow Bore the curse alone; 
I, who through the lonely desert Trod where He had gone. 
He and I, in that bright glory One deep joy shall share; 
Mine, to be forever with Him, His, that I am there!

©


Song 209. He'll Come and Tarry Not

O child of God, there is for thee, A hope that shines amid the gloom,
A gladsome hope that thou shalt see Thy Lord, for He will surely come.

C. He'll come, (yes, He'll come) yes, He'll come and tarry not;
He'll come, (yes, He'll come) yes, He'll come and tarry not;
He'll come, (yes, He'll come) He'll come, (yes, He'll come)
He'll come and tarry not. (and tarry not)

When in this world His hands had made, No room was found for Jesus then;
The mountainside was oft His bed; Now, glorified, He comes again.

Exalted now to heaven's throne, The Saviour there of sinful men;
His loving heart yearns o'er His own, And for them He will come again.

O child of God, thy lot may be Oft mixed with trial, grief and pain;
Look up, He'll surely come for thee: He says, "I'll quickly come again."

Then joy unmingled will be thine, Earth's tears and trials all forgot;
So cheer thy heart, no more repine, His word is sure: He'll tarry not.

©


Song 213. Savior, Come

Savior, come, Thy saints are waiting, Waiting for the advent day,
Thence their promised glory dating; Come, and bear Thy saints away.
Come, Lord Jesus, come, Lord Jesus,
Thus Thy waiting people pray.

Lord, we wait for Thine appearing; "Even so," Thy people say;
Bright the prospect is, and cheering, Of beholding Thee that day;
When our sorrow, when our sorrow
Shall forever pass away.

Till it comes, O keep us steady! Keep us walking in Thy ways;
At Thy call may we be ready, On Thee, Lord, with joy to gaze;
And in heaven, and in heaven
Sing Thine everlasting praise.

©


Song 214. The Crowning Day (words only)

[Recording forthcoming, Lord willing]

Our Lord is now rejected, And by the world disowned,
By the many still neglected, And by the few enthroned;
But soon He’ll come in glory! The hour is drawing nigh,
For the crowning day is coming By-and-by.

C. O the crowning day is coming, Is coming by-and-by,
When our Lord shall come in power And glory from on high.
O the glorious sight will gladden Each waiting, watchful eye,
In the crowning day that’s coming By-and-by.

The heavens shall glow with splendor, But brighter far than they,
The saints shall shine in glory, As Christ shall them array.
The beauty of the Savior Shall dazzle every eye,
In the crowning day that’s coming By-and-by.

Our pain shall then be over, We’ll sin and sigh no more,
Behind us all of sorrow, And naught but joy before,
A joy in our Redeemer, As we to Him are nigh,
In the crowning day that’s coming By-and-by.

Let all that look for hasten The coming joyful day,
By earnest consecration, To walk the narrow way;
By gathering in the lost ones, For whom our Lord did die,
For the crowning day that’s coming By-and-by.

©


Song 215. Some Golden Daybreak

Some glorious morning sorrow will cease,
Some glorious morning all will be peace;
Heartaches all ended, school-days all done,
Heaven will open Jesus will come.

C. Some golden daybreak Jesus will come;
Some golden daybreak, battles all won,
He'll shout the vict'ry, break thro' the blue,
Some golden daybreak, for me, for you.

Sad hearts will gladden, all shall be bright,
Goodbye forever to earth's dark night;
Changed in a moment, like Him to be,
Oh, glorious daybreak, Jesus I'll see,

Oh, what a meeting, there in the skies,
No tears nor crying shall dim our eyes;
Loved ones united eternally,
Oh, what a daybreak that morn will be.

©


Song 217. Oh Scenes of Heavenly Joy! (words only)

Oh scenes of heavenly joy! The Father’s house above, 
Where cloudless peace without alloy, Fills all that home of love.

There glory bright and fair, Shines with celestial beam; 
For He who suffered once is there, It’s center and its theme.

The Father’s full delight Is centered in the Son, 
And countless tongues in heav’n unite To tell what He hath done.

The Lamb enthroned shall there Engage each raptured heart, 
While myriad saints Christ’s likeness bear And have with Him their part.

‘Tis He who made us meet With saints in light to dwell; 
And now we chant His praises sweet, Whose love we know so well.

E’en now we taste the love, And know the mighty pow’r, 
By which we’ll rise to realms above When waiting time is o’er.

©


Song 218. Till He Come

"Till He come!" O let the words
Linger on the trembling chords;
Let the "little while" between
In their golden light be seen;
Let us think how heaven and home
Lie beyond that "Till He come!"

When the weary ones we love
Enter on their rest above,
When their words of love and cheer
Fall no longer on our ear,
Hush! be every murmur dumb,
It is only "Till He come!"

Clouds and darkness round us press;
Would we have one sorrow less?
All the sharpness of the cross,
All that tells the world is loss,
Death, and darkness, and the tomb,
Pain us only "Till He come!"

Sweet the feast of love divine,
Broken bread and outpoured wine;
Sweet memorials, 'till the Lord
Call us round His heavenly board,
Some from earth, for glory some,
Severed only "Till He come!"

©


Song 220. To Dwell Above

What will it be to dwell above, 
And with the Lord of glory reign,
Since the blest knowledge of His love
So brightens all this dreary plain?
No heart can think, no tongue can tell, 
What joy 'twill be with Christ to dwell!
No heart can think, no tongue can tell, 
What joy 'twill be with Christ to dwell!

When sin no more obstructs the sight, 
And flesh and sense deceive no more,
When we shall see the Prince of life, 
And all His works of grace explore:
What heights and depths of love divine, 
Will there thro' endless ages shine!
What heights and depths of love divine, 
Will there thro' endless ages shine!

And God has fixed the happy day, 
When the last tear shall dim our eyes,
When He will wipe these tears away, 
And fill our hearts with glad surprise;
To hear His voice, and see His face,
And know the fulness of His grace.
To hear His voice, and see His face,
And know the fulness of His grace.

©


Song 221. A Glorious Morrow (words only)

When we reach our peaceful dwelling On the strong, eternal hills, 
And our praise to Him is swelling, Who the vast creation fills--
When the paths of prayer and duty, And affliction all are trod,
And we wake and see the beauty Of our Savior and our God:

C. Oh! ‘twill be a glorious morrow To a dark and stormy day, 
When we smile upon our sorrow, And the storms have passed away.

With the light of resurrection, When our chang-ed bodies glow, 
And we gain the full perfection Of the bliss begun below--
When the life the flesh obscureth In each radiant form shall shine, 
And the joy that aye endureth Flashes forth in beams divine:

Shall the memory be banished Of His kindness and His care, 
When the wants and woes are vanished, Which He loved to soothe and share? 
All the way by which He led us, All the grievings which He bore, 
And the patient love He taught us, Shall we think of them no more?

We shall read the tender meaning Of the sorrows and alarms,
As we trod the desert leaning On His everlasting arms; 
And His rest will be the dearer When we think of weary ways.
And His light will shine the clearer As we muse on cloudy days.

©


Song 222. The Cloudless Day is Nearing (words only)

The cloudless day is nearing, When Thou, O Lord, wilt come, 
Thy radiant beauty wearing, To take Thy people home!
Bright hosts on hosts around Thee Shall catch Thy living rays, 
And all who once have found Thee Breathe out new songs of praise.

But how shall I then know Thee Amid those hosts above? 
What tokens true will show me The object of Thy love? 
Thy glories, all excelling, In pure effulgence shine; 
But glory in Thee dwelling Will ne’er proclaim Thee mine.

Thy wounds, Thy wounds, Lord Jesus, Those deep, deep wounds will tell 
The sacrifice that frees us From self, and death, and hell! 
These link Thee once forever With all who own Thy grace; 
No hand these bonds can sever, No hands these scars efface.

O Jesus! Lord most blessed, Thou Lamb of God divine, 
Thou standest forth confessed, I, wond’ring, claim Thee mine. 
I worship and adore Thee, Transported with Thy love; 
Prostrate myself before Thee, And dwell in light above.

©


Song 224. We Have a Home (words only)

We have a home above, From all defilement free; 
A mansion which eternal love Prepared our rest to be.

The Father’s gracious hand Has built that blest abode; 
From everlasting it was planned, The dwelling place of God.

The Savior’s precious blood Has made our title sure; 
He passed through death's dark raging flood To make our rest secure.

The Comforter is come, The Earnest has been given; 
He leads us onward to the home Reserved for us in heaven.

The love, most gracious Lord, Our joy and strength shall be; 
Till Thou shalt speak the gladdening word That bid us rise to Thee.

And then through endless days, Where all Thy glories shine, 
In happier, holier strains we’ll praise The grace that made us Thine.

©


Song 225. All for Jesus (words only)

All for Jesus, all for Jesus! All my being's ransomed pow’rs: 
All my thoughts and words and doings, All my days and all my hours. 
All for Jesus! all for Jesus! All my days and all my hours.

Let my hands perform His bidding, Let my feet run in His ways; 
Let my eyes see Jesus only, Let my lips speak forth His praise. 
All for Jesus! all for Jesus! Let my lips speak forth His praise.

Since my eyes were fixed on Jesus, I’ve lost sight of all beside; 
So enchained my spirit’s vision, Looking at the Crucified. 
All for Jesus! all Jesus! Looking at the Crucified.

Oh, what wonder! how amazing! Jesus, glorious King of kings, 
Deigns to call me His beloved, lets me rest beneath His wings. 
All for Jesus! all for Jesus! Resting now beneath His wings.

©


Song 226. All That We Were (words only)

All that we were - our sins, our guilt, Our death – was all our own: All that we are we owe to Thee, Thou God of grace, alone, 
Thou God of grace, alone.

Thy mercy found us in our sins, And gave us to believe; 
Then, in believing, peace we found; And in Thy Christ we live, 
And in Thy Christ we live.

All that we were as saints on earth, All that we hope to be 
When Jesus comes and glory dawns, We owe it all to Thee, 
We owe it all to Thee.

©


Song 227. Blest Be the Tie (words only)

Blest be the tie that binds Our hearts in Christian love; 
The fellowship of kindred minds Is like to that above.

Before our Father’s throne, We pour our ardent prayers; 
Our fears, our hopes, our aims are one, Our comforts and our cares.

We share our mutual woes, Our mutual burdens bear; 
And often for each other flows The sympathizing tear.

When we asunder part, It gives us inward pain; 
But we shall still be joined in heart, And hope to meet again.

©


Song 228. Blessed Lord, Our Souls Are Longing (words only)

Blessed Lord, our souls are longing Thee, our risen Head, to see; 
And the cloudless morning’s dawning, When Thy saints shall gathered be: 
Grace and glory, grace and glory, All our well-springs are in Thee. 
Grace and glory, grace and glory, All our well-springs are in Thee.

All the sorrow we are tasting Is but as the dream of night: 
To the day of God we’re hasting, Looking for it with delight; 
Thou art coming, Thou art coming, This will satisfy our sight. 
Thou art coming, Thou art coming, This will satisfy our sight.

True, the silent grave is keeping Many a seed in weakness sown:
But the saints, in Thee now sleeping, Raised in pow’r, shall share Thy throne: 
Resurrection! Resurrection! Lord of Glory! ‘Tis Thine own. 
Resurrection! Resurrection! Lord of Glory! ‘Tis Thine own.

As we sing, our hearts grow lighter; We are children of the day; 
Sorrow makes our hope the brighter; Faith regards not His delay; 
Sure the promise! Sure the promise! We shall meet Thee on the way.
Sure the promise! Sure the promise! We shall meet Thee on the way.

©


Song 229. Bride of the Lamb

Bride of the Lamb, there is for thee
One only safe retreat;
Where Jesus is thy heart should be,
Thy home at His dear feet.

When Satan tracks thy lonely way,
There his temptations meet;
In Jesus' presence watch and pray,
Yea, conquer at His feet.

Since thou hast much to learn, e'en tho'
Thou are in Christ complete,
In grace and knowledge seek to grow,
By sitting at His feet.

Thro' tribulation hasten on,
With Christ the cross is sweet;
The little while will soon be gone,
Keep only at His feet.

Bride of the Lamb, forget the past,
Prepare the Lord to greet;
'Tis thine to share His throne, and cast
Thy wreath before His feet.

©


Song 230. Christian Brethren, Ere We Part (words only)

Christian brethren, ere we part, Let us each, with grateful heart, 
Once more to our Father raise Our united hymn of praise.

Here perhaps we meet no more, But we seek a brighter shore, 
Where, above all sin and pain, Brethren, we shall meet again.

To the Triune God of heav’n, Love and praise be ever giv’n; 
Here, and by the hosts above, Endless praise, adoring love.

©


Song 232. Christ the Lord Is Ris'n on High

Christ the Lord is ris'n on high!
Sing, ye heav'ns, and earth reply;
He endured the cross, the grave,
Sinners to redeem and save.
Sinners to redeem and save.

Love's redeeming work is done,
Fought the fight, the battle won!
He Himself our ransom paid,
Peace with God forever made.
Peace with God forever made.

Vain the stone, the watch, the seal,
Christ has burst the gates of hell;
Vain their efforts to enthrall,
He has triumphed over all!
He has triumphed over all!

Christ our Lord is ris'n indeed,
He is now the Church's Head;
Loud the song of triumph raise,
Celebrate the Victor's praise!
Celebrate the Victor's praise.

©


Song 233. Fairest Lord Jesus

Fairest Lord Jesus!  
Ruler of all nature!
O Thou of God and man the Son!
Thee will I cherish, Thee will I honor,
Thou my soul's glory, joy and crown!

Fair are the meadows, 
Fairer still the woodlands,
Robed in the blooming garb of spring:
Jesus is fairer, Jesus is purer,
Who makes the woeful heart to sing.

Fair is the sunshine, 
Fairer still the moonlight,
And all the twinkling starry host:
Jesus shines brighter, Jesus shines purer
Than all the angels heav'n can boast.

Beautiful Saviour!  
Lord of the nations!
Son of God and Son of Man!
Glory and honor, Praise, adoration
Now and forevermore be Thine!

©


Song 236. Peace, Peace is Mine (words only)

God’s almighty arms are round me; Peace, peace is mine! 
Judgment scenes need not to confound me; Peace, peace is mine! 
Jesus came Himself and sought me: 
Sold to death, He found and bought me; 
Then my blessed freedom taught me – Peace, peace is mine!

While I hear life’s rugged billows, Peace, peace is mine! 
Why suspend my harp on willows? Peace, peace is mine! 
I may sing, with Christ beside me, 
Though a thousand ills betide me; 
Safely He hath sworn to guide me: Peace, peace is mine!

Ev’ry trial draws Him nearer; Peace, peace is mine! 
All His strokes but make Him dearer; Peace, peace is mine! 
Bless I, then, the hand that smiteth
Gently, and to heal delighteth; 
‘Tis against my sins He fighteth: Peace, peace is mine!

Welcome, ev’ry rising sunlight, Peace, peace is mine! 
Nearer home each rolling midnight: Peace, peace is mine! 
Death and hell cannot appall me, 
Safe in Christ whatev’r befall me; 
Calmly wait I till He call me: Peace, peace is mine!

©


Song 238. Here, O Our Lord (words only)

Here, O our Lord, we see Thee face to face;
Here would we touch and handle things unseen;
Here grasp with firmer hand th' eternal grace,
And all our weariness upon Thee lean.

Here would we feed upon the Bread of God,
Here drink with Thee the royal wine of heav'n;
Here would we lay aside each earthly load, 
Here taste afresh the calm of sin forgiv'n.

Too soon we rise:  the symbols disappear;
The feast, tho' not the love is past and gone
The bread and wine remove, but Thou art here,
Nearer than ever, still our Shield and Sun.

Feast after feast thus comes and passes by,
Yet passing points to the glad feast above,
Giving sweet foretaste of the festal joy,
The Lamb's great bridal feast of bliss and love.

©


Song 239. Go, Labor On (words only)

Go, labor on; spend, and be spent – 
Thy joy to do the Father’s will; 
It is the way the Master went; 
Should not the servant tread it still?

Go, labor on; ‘tis not for nought; 
Thy earthly loss is heav’nly gain; 
Men heed thee, love thee, praise thee not; 
The Master praises, - what are men?

Go, labor on while it is day, 
The world’s dark night is hast’ning on; 
Speed, speed thy work, cast sloth away, 
It is not thus that souls are won.

Men die in darkness at your side, 
Without a hope to cheer the tomb; 
Take up the torch and wave it wide- 
The torch that lights time’s thickest gloom.

Toil on, faint not, keep watch and pray; 
Be wise the erring soul to win; 
Go forth into the world’s highway, 
Compel the wand’rer to come in.

Toil on, and in thy toil rejoice; 
For toil comes rest, for exile home; 
Soon shalt thou hear the Bridegroom‘s voice, 
The midnight cry: “Behold, I come!“

©


Song 240. Guide Us, O Thou Great Jehovah (words only)

Guide us, O Thou great Jehovah, Pilgrims thro’ this barren land; We are weak, but Thou art mighty; Hold us by Thy pow’rful hand: Bread of heaven, Feed us now and evermore. 
Bread of heaven, Feed us now and evermore.

Open wide the living fountain, Whence that healing waters flow; 
Be Thy-self our cloudy pillar All the dreary desert thro’: 
Strong Deliv’rer, Be Thou still our strength and shield. 
Strong Deliv’rer, Be Thou still our strength and shield.

While we tread this vale of sorrow, May we in Thy love abide; 
Keep us, O our gracious Savior! Cleaving closely to Thy side:  Still relying On our Father’s changeless love. 
Still relying On our Father’s changeless love.

Savior, come! we long to see Thee, Long to dwell with Thee above; And to know, in full communion, All the sweetness of Thy love: Come, Lord Jesus! Take Thy waiting people home. 
Come, Lord Jesus! Take Thy waiting people home.

©


Song 241. Happy People (words only)

Happy they who trust in Jesus! Sweet their portion is, and sure; 
When the foe on others seizes He will keep his own secure: 
Happy people! Happy people! Happy though despised and poor. 
Happy people! Happy people! Happy though despised and poor.

Since His love and mercy found us, We are precious in His sight; 
Thousands now may fall around us, Thousands more be put to fight; 
But His presence But His presence Keeps us safe by day and night. 
But His presence But His presence Keeps us safe by day and night.

Lo! our Savior never slumbers; Ever watchful in His care: 
Though we cannot boast of numbers, In His strength secure we are: 
Sweet their portion, Sweet their portion, Who the Savior’s kindness share!
Sweet their portion, Sweet their portion, Who the Savior’s kindness share!

As the bird, beneath her feathers, Guards the object of her care, 
So the Lord His children gathers, Spreads His wings and hides them there: 
Thus protected, Thus protected All their foes they boldly dare.
Thus protected, Thus protected All their foes they boldly dare.

©


Song 243. How Good is the God We Adore

How good is the God we adore,
Our faithful, unchangeable Friend:
Whose love is as great as His pow'r,
And knows neither measure nor end.

'Tis Jesus the First and the Last,
Whose Spirit shall guide us safe home:
We'll praise Him for all that is past,
And trust Him for all that's to come.

©


Song 245. I Need Thee, Precious Savior (words only)

I need Thee, precious Savior! Oh, Thou art all to me;
Before the throne forever, I stand complete in Thee. 
Though Satan loud accuses, Yet I can ever see, 
The blood of Christ most precious, The sinner’s perfect plea.

I need Thee, precious Savior! For I am very poor; 
A stranger and a pilgrim, I have no earthly store. 
I need Thy love, Lord Jesus, To cheer me on the way, 
To guide my doubting footsteps, To be my strength and stay.

I need Thee, precious Savior! I need a friend like Thee:
A friend to soothe and comfort, A friend to care for me; 
I need Thy heart, Lord Jesus, To feel each anxious care; 
To bear my ev’ry burden, And all my sorrow share.

I need Thee, precious Savior! I need Thee day by day, 
To fill me with Thy fullness, To lead me on my way: 
I need Thy Holy Spirit To teach me what I am – 
To show me more of Jesus, To point me to the Lamb.

I need Thee, precious Savior! And hope to see Thee soon, 
Encircled with the rainbow, And seated on Thy throne. 
There, with Thy blood-bought people, My joy shall ever be, 
To sing Thy praise, Lord Jesus, And ever gaze on Thee.

©


Song 248. Jesus, My Saviour! Thou Art Mine

Jesus, my Saviour! Thou art mine,
The Father's gift of love divine;
All Thou hast done, and all Thou art,
Are now the portion of my heart.

Poor, feeble, wretched, as I am, 
I now can glory in Thy name; 
Now cleansed in Thy most precious blood,
And made the righteousness of God.

All that Thou hast Thou hast for me, 
All my fresh springs are hid in Thee; 
In Thee I live; while I confess 
I nothing am, yet all possess.

O Saviour, teach me to abide, 
Close sheltered at Thy wounded side, 
Each hour receiving grace, on grace, 
Until I see Thee face to face.

©


Song 251. Join All the Glorious Names

Join all the glorious names
Of wisdom, love and pow'r
That mortals ever knew,
That angels ever bore;
All are too mean to speak His worth,
Too mean to set the Savior forth.

Great Prophet of our God!
Our tongues must bless Thy name,
By whom the joyful news
Of free salvation came;
The joyful news of sins forgiv'n,
Of hell subdued, of peace with heav'n.

Thou art our Counselor,
Our Pattern and our Guide,
And Thou our Shepherd art;
Oh, keep us near Thy side;
Nor let our feet e'er turn astray,
To wander in the crooked way.

We love the Shepherd's voice;
His watchful eyes shall keep
Our pilgrim-souls among 
The thousands of God's sheep;
He feeds His flock, He calls their names,
And gently leads the tender lambs.

©


Song 253. Jesus, Thou Joy of Loving Hearts (words only)

Jesus, Thou joy of loving hearts, 
Thou Fount of life, Thou Light of men, 
From the best bliss that earth imparts, 
We turn unfilled to Thee again.

Thy truth unchanged hath ever stood; 
Thou savest those that on Thee call; 
To them that seek Thee, O how good, 
To them that find Thee, All in All!

We taste Thee, O Thou living Bread, 
And long to feast upon Thee still; 
We drink of Thee, the Fountain Head, 
And thirst our souls from Thee to fill!

Our eager spirits yearn for Thee, 
Where’er our changeful lot is cast; 
Glad since Thy gracious smile we see, 
Blest, since our faith can hold Thee fast.

O Lord, be Thou our strength and stay! 
Make all our moments calm and bright, 
Chase all dark thoughts of sin away, 
Shed o’er us here Thy holy light.

©


Song 254. Lord Jesus When We Think of Thee (words only)

Lord Jesus, when we think of Thee, Of all Thy love and grace, 
Our spirits long and fain would see Thy beauty face to face.

And though the wilderness we tread– A barren, thirsty ground, 
With thorns and briars overspread, Where foes and snares abound;

Yet in Thy love such depths we see, Our souls o’erflow with praise – 
Content ourselves, while, Lord, to Thee A joyful song we raise.

Our Lord, our Life, our Rest, our Shield, our Rock, our Food, our Light, – 
Each thought of Thee doth constant yield Unchanging, fresh delight.

Blest Savior, keep our spirits stayed, Hard foll’wing after Thee, 
Till we, in robes of white arrayed, Thy face in glory see.

©


Song 256. Love Divine, All Praise Excelling (words only)

Love divine, all praise excelling, Joy of heav’n, to earth come down! 
Bless us with Thy rich indwelling, All Thy faithful mercies crown! 
Savior, Thee we’d still be blessing, Serve Thee here, as soon above,
Praise Thee, Savior, without ceasing, Glory in Thy dying love.

Firstfruits of Thy new creation- Faithful, holy, may we be, 
Joyful in Thy full salvation, More and more conformed to Thee! 
Changed from glory unto glory, ‘Til in heav’n we take our place, 
There to worship and adore Thee, When we see Thee face to face!

©


Song 257. Low in the Grave He Lay

Low in the grave He lay - Jesus my Savior! 
Waiting the coming day - Jesus my Lord!

C. Up from the grave He arose, (He arose,) 
With a mighty triumph o’er His foes; (He arose!) 
He arose a Victor from the dark domain, 
And he lives forever with His saints to reign. 
He arose! (He arose!) He arose! (He arose!) 
Hallelujah! Christ arose!

Vainly they watch His bed - Jesus my Savior! 
Vainly they seal the dead - Jesus my Lord!

Death cannot keep his prey - Jesus my Savior!
He tore the bars away - Jesus my Lord!

©


Song 261. Nothing But Christ

Nothing but Christ, as on we tread,
The Gift unpriced - God's living Bread,
With staff in hand and feet well shod,
Nothing but Christ - the Christ of God.

Everything loss for Him below,
Taking the cross where'er we go;
Showing to all, where once He trod,
Nothing but Christ - the Christ of God.

Nothing save Him, in all our ways,
Giving the theme for ceaseless praise;
Our whole resource along the road,
Nothing but Christ - the Christ of God.

©


Song 262. My Rest Is in Heaven

My rest is in heaven, my rest is not here,
Then why should I murmur when trials are near?
Be hushed my sad spirit; the worst that can come
But shortens the journey and hastens me home.

It is not for me to be seeking my bliss,
And building my hopes in a region like this;
I look for a city which hands have not piled,
I pant for a country by sin undefiled.

Let trial and danger my progress oppose,
They only make heaven more sweet at the close;
Come joy or come sorrow, whate'er may befall,
A home with my God then will make up for all.

With Christ in my heart, and His word in my hand,
I travel in haste, through an enemy's land;
The road may be rough, but it cannot be long,
So I journey on, with the conqueror's song.

©


Song 264. O Happy Day! (words only)

O happy day! when we first felt Our souls with deep contrition melt, 
And saw our sins of crimson guilt, All cleansed by blood on Calv’ry spilt.

O happy day! when first Thy love Began our grateful hearts to move; 
And gazing on Thy wondrous Cross, We saw all else as worthless dross.

O happy day! when we no more shall grieve Thee whom our souls adore, 
When sorrows, conflicts, fears shall cease, And all our trials end in peace.

O happy day! when we shall see And fix our longing eyes on Thee, 
On Thee, our Light, our Life, our Love, Our All below, our Heav’n above!

O happy day of cloudless light! Eternal day without a night; 
Lord, when shall we its dawning see, And spend it all in praising Thee?

©


Song 267. Oh Jesus, Gracious Savior (words only)

O Jesus, gracious Savior, Upon the Father’s throne- 
Whose wondrous love and favor Have made our cause Thine own; 
Thy people to Thee ever For grace and help repair, 
For Thou they know will never Refuse their griefs to share.

O Lord, through tribulation Our pilgrim journey lies, 
Through scorn and sore temptation, And watchful enemies; 
Midst never-ceasing dangers We through the desert roam; 
As pilgrims here and strangers, We seek the rest to come.

O Lord, Thou too once hasted This weary desert thro’ 
Once fully tried and tasted Its bitterness and woe; 
And hence Thy heart is tender, In truest sympathy, 
Though now the heavens render All praise O Lord to Thee.

©


Song 268. Our Great High Priest is Sitting  (words only)

Our great High Priest is sitting At God’s right hand above, 
For us His hands uplifting, In sympathy and love: 
Whilst here below, in weakness, We onward speed our way; 
In sorrow oft and sickness, We sigh, and groan, and pray.

Through manifold temptation, My soul holds on its course, 
Christ’s mighty intercession Alone is my resource; 
My gracious High Priest’s pleadings, Who on the cross did bleed, 
Bring down God’s grace and blessings, Help in each hour of need.

O, Jesus, blessed Savior, We hope to see Thee soon, 
Who once on earth did suffer, Who soon for us wilt come; 
‘Twas God’s most gracious favor, That gave His Son to die, – 
To live our Intercessor, To plead for us on high.

©


Song 269. O Lord, How Blest Our Journey (words only)

O Lord, how blest our journey, Though here on earth we roam, 
Who find in Abba’s favor Our spirit’s present home! 
For where Thou now art sitting By faith we’ve found repose, 
Free to look up to heaven, Since our blest Head arose.

In spirit there already; Soon we ourselves shall be
In soul and body perfect, All glorified, with Thee:
Thy Father’s love sustains us Along the thorny way, 
Thy Father’s house, the dwelling Made ready for that day.

The Comforter, now present, Assures us of Thy love; 
He is the blessed earnest Of glory there above: 
The river of Thy pleasure Is what sustains us now, 
‘Till Thy new name’s imprinted On ev’ry sinless brow.

Lord, we await Thy glory; We have no home but there, 
Where all the blood-bought fam’ly With us Thy joy shall share. 
No place can fully please us Where Thou, O Lord, art not; 
In Thee, and with Thee, ever Is found, by grace, our lot.

©


Song 269. O Lord, How Blessed Our Journey (words only)

Oh Lord, how blessed our journey,
Though here on earth we roam,
Who find in Abba's favor
Our spirit's present home!
For where Thou now art sitting
By faith we found repose,
Free to look up to heaven, 
Since our blest Head arose.

In spirit there already;
Soon we ourselves shall be
In soul and body perfect,
All glorified, with Thee:
Thy Father's Love sustains us
Along the thorny way,
Thy Father's house, the dwelling
Made ready for that day.

The comforter, now present,
Assures us of Thy love;
He is the blessed earnest
Of glory there above:
The river of Thy pleasure
Is what sustains us now,
'Till Thy new name's imprinted
On every sinless brow.

Lord, we await Thy glory;
We have no home but there,
Where all the blood-bought family
With us Thy joy shall share.
No place can fully please us
Where Thou, O Lord, art not;
In Thee, and with Thee, ever
Is found, by grace, our lot.

©


Song 270. O Lamb of God, Still Keep Me (words only)

O Lamb of God, still keep me
Near to Thy wounded side;
'Tis only there in safety
And peace I can abide.
With foes and snares around me,
And lusts and fears within,
The grace that sought and found me,
Alone can keep me clean.

'Tis only in Thee hiding,
I know my life secure;
Only in Thee abiding,
I steadfast shall endure:
Thine arm the vict'ry gaineth
O'er ev'ry hurtful foe;
Thy love my heart sustaineth
In all its cares and woe.

Soon shall mine eyes behold Thee,
With rapture face to face;
The half has not been told me
Of all Thy pow'r and grace;
Thy beauty, Lord, and glory,
The wonders of Thy love,
Shall be the endless story,
Of all Thy saints above!

©


Song 271. O Lord and Savior, We Recline (words only)

O Lord and Savior, we recline
On that eternal love of Thine;
Thou art our rest, and Thou alone
Remainest when all else is gone.

Yes! "Thou remainest": sea and land,
Ev'n heav'n shall pass, but Thou shalt stand;
Undimmed, Thy radiancy appears,
Changeless through all the changing years.

Lord, on the throne Thy love's the same
As once upon Thy cross of shame;
In lowliness Thou cam'st to die,
Thou livest now for us on high.

We see Thee there, the Lamb once slain; 
Thy loss was our eternal gain;
We see Thee crowned with glory now,
No shade on Thy victorious brow.

The shadow dwelt on Calv'ry's tree,
And now Thine unveiled face we see;
Praise be to God for that blest word,
That "Thou remainest," blessed Lord!

©


Song 272. O Patient, Spotless One!

O patient, spotless One!  
our hearts in meekness train
To bear thy yoke and learn of Thee,
That we may rest obtain.

Savior! Thou art enough
The mind and heart to fill;
Thy life, to calm the anxious soul,
Thy love, its fear dispel

O fix our earnest gaze
So wholly, Lord on Thee,
That with Thy beauty occupied,
We else-where none may see.

©


Song 275. On Earth the Song Begins (words only)

On earth the song begins;
In heav'n more sweet and loud, -
"To Him that cleansed our sins
By His atoning blood,-
To Him," we sing in joyful strain,
"Be honor, pow'r, and praise, Amen."
"Be honor, pow'r, and praise, Amen."

Alone He bore the cross,
Alone its grief sustained;
His was the shame and loss,
And He the vict'ry gained;
The mighty work was all His own,
Though we shall share His glorious throne.
Though we shall share His glorious throne.

©


Song 278. Once More Around Thy Table, Lord (words only)

Once more around Thy table, Lord,
And heedful of Thy parting word,
Our hearts from earthly care set free
Have, in Thy death, remembered Thee.

Thyself Thou gavest, Son of God -
In love to us didst shed Thy blood;
Thyself Thou gavest to fulfil
The Father's own eternal will.

Thyself Thou gavest: may that word
Rest with us now in parting, Lord,
And lead us in devotion meet
To lay our lives at Thy blest feet.

Thyself Thou gavest, Lord; and we
Would wholly give ourselves to Thee
In simple faith and fervent love
To serve Thee 'till we meet above.

©


Song 281. A Parting Hymn (words only)

Once more, before we part,
Bless the Redeemer's name:
Let ev'ry tongue and heart
Praise and adore the Lamb.

C. Jesus, the sinner's Friend,
Him whom our souls adore;
His praises have no end:
Praise him forever more.

Lord, in Thy grace we came;
That blessing still impart:
We met in Jesus' name:
In Jesus' name we part.

Still on Thy holy Word
We'd live, and feed, and grow;
Go on to know the Lord,
And practice what we know.

©


Song 285. Praise the Savior

Praise the Savior ye who know him!
Who can tell how much we owe him?
Gladly let us render to Him
All we are and have.

Jesus is the name that charms us;
He for conflict fits and arms us;
Nothing moves and nothing harms us
While we trust in Him.

Trust in Him, ye saints, forever;
He is faithful, changing never;
Neither force nor guile can sever
Those He loves from Him.

Keep us, Lord, O keep us cleaving
To Thyself and still believing,
Till the hour of our receiving
Promised joys with Thee.

Then we shall be where we would be,
When we shall be what we should be;
Things that are not now, nor could be,
Soon shall be our own.

©


Song 286. Peace, Perfect Peace

Peace, perfect peace, in this dark world of sin?
The blood of Jesus whispers peace within.

Peace, perfect peace, by thronging duties pressed
To do the will of Jesus, this is rest.

Peace, perfect peace, with sorrows surging round?
On Jesus' bosom naught but calm is found.

Peace, perfect peace, with loved ones far away?
In Jesus' keeping we are safe, and they.

Peace, perfect peace, our future all unknown?
Jesus we know, and He is on the throne.

©


Song 287. Our Times Are in Thy Hand

Our times are in thy hand;
Father, we wish them there!
Our life, our souls, our all we leave
Entirely to Thy care.

Our times are in thy hand,
Whatever they may be;
Pleasing or painful, dark or bright,
As best may seem to Thee.

Our times are in thy hand;
Why should we doubt or fear?
Our Father's hand will never cause
His child a needless tear.

Our times are in thy hand,
Jesus the crucified! 
The hand our many sins have pierced
Is now our guard and guide.

Our times are in thy hand,
Oh Lord, our Advocate!
Nor is that hand outstretched in vain,
For us to supplicate.

[Additional Verse]
Our times are in thy hand,
What joy that time shall be -
When our Beloved's lovely face
At last our eyes shall see!

©


Song 288. Revive Thy Work, O Lord! (words only)

"Revive Thy work, O Lord!"
Thy mighty arm make bare:
Speak with the voice which wakes the dead,
And make Thy people hear.

"Revive Thy work, O Lord!"
Disturb this sleep of death:
Quicken the smoldering embers, Lord,
By Thine almighty breath.

"Revive Thy work, O Lord!
Create soul-thirst for Thee: 
And hungering for the Bread of Life
O may our spirits be!

"Revive Thy work, O Lord!"
Give power unto Thy Word;
Grant that Thy blessed gospel may
In living faith be heard.

"Revive Thy work, O Lord!"
And give refreshing showers:
The glory shall be all Thine own,
The blessing, Lord, be ours!

©


Song 290. Sing, Without Ceasing, Sing

Sing, without ceasing, sing the Savior's present grace,
How all things shine in light divine for those who've seen His face!
He's gone within the veil, for us that place has won:
In Him we stand, a heavenly band, where He Himself has gone.

There all's unsoiled light, our hearts let in its rays - 
And heavenly light makes all things bright seen in that blissful gaze!
Such here on earth we are though we in weakness roam;
Our place on high, God's self so nigh, His presence is our home.

That way is upward still, where life and glory are;
Our rest's above; in perfect love the glory we shall share.
Forever with the Lord, forever like Him then,
And see His face in that blessed place, the Father's house in heav'n.

©


Song 291. Satisfied with Thee, Lord Jesus

Satisfied with Thee, Lord Jesus, I am blest;
Peace which passeth understanding, on Thy breast;
No more doubting, no more trembling,
Oh, what rest! Oh, what rest!

Occupied with Thee, Lord Jesus, in Thy grace;
All Thy ways and thoughts about me only trace
Deeper stories of the glories
Of Thy grace, of Thy grace.

Taken up with Thee, Lord Jesus, I would be;
Finding joy and satisfaction all in Thee;
Thou the nearest and the dearest
Unto me, unto me.

Listening for Thy shout, Lord Jesus, in the air!
When Thy saints shall rise with joy to meet Thee there;
O what gladness! no more sadness,
Sin nor care, sin nor care.

©


Song 292. Longing for the Bride, Lord Jesus (words only)

Longing for the bride, Lord Jesus,
Of Thy heart,
To be with Thee in the glory,
Where Thou art:
Love so groundless, grace so boundless
Wins my heart. Wins my heart.

When Thy blood-bought church, Lord Jesus,
Is complete;
When each soul is safely landed
At Thy feet;
What a story in the glory
She'll repeat! She'll repeat!

V0. to praise Thee there Lord Jesus,
Evermore!
0 to grieve and wander from Thee
Never more!
Earth's sad story, closed in glory,
On yon shore! On yon shore!

Then Thy church will be, Lord Jesus
The display
Of Thy richest grace and kindness
In that day;
Marking pages, - wondrous stages
O'er earth's way. O'er earth's way.

©


Song 293. Savior, Through the Desert Lead Us (words only)

Savior, through the desert lead us! 
Without thee we cannot go; 
Thou from cruel chains hast freed us, 
Thou hast laid the tyrant low;
Let Thy presence, let Thy presence 
Cheer us all our journey through. 
Let Thy presence, let Thy presence 
Cheer us all our journey through.

With a price Thy love has bought us; 
Savior, what a love is Thine! 
Hitherto Thy power has brought us, 
Pow’r and love in Thee combine: 
Lord of glory, Lord of glory, 
Ever on Thy household shine! 
Lord of glory, Lord of glory, 
Ever on Thy household shine!

Through a desert, waste and cheerless, 
Though our destined journey lie, 
Rendered by Thy presence fearless, 
We may ev’ry foe defy: 
Nought shall move us, nought shall move us 
While we see Thee, Savior, nigh.
Nought shall move us, nought shall move us 
While we see Thee, Savior, nigh.

©


Song 294. Give Me Jesus

Take the world, but give me Jesus, All its joys are but a name;
But His love abideth ever, Through eternal years the same.

C. Oh, the height and depth of mercy!  Oh, the length and breadth of love!
Oh, the fullness of redemption, Pledge of endless life above!

Take the world, but give me Jesus, Sweetest comfort to my soul;
With my Saviour watching o'er me, I can sing though billows roll.

Take the world, but give me Jesus, Let me view His constant smile;
Then throughout my pilgrim journey Light will cheer me all the while.

Take the world, but give me Jesus, In His cross my trust shall be;
Till, with clearer, brighter vision, Face to face my Lord I see.

©


Song 295. All Will Be Well (words only)

Through the love of God our Savior, All will be well;
Free and changeless is His favor, All, all is well.
Precious is the blood that healed us, 
Perfect is the grace that sealed us, 
Strong the hand stretched forth to shield us, All must be well.

Though we pass through tribulation, All will be well; 
Ours is such a full salvation, All, all is well. 
Happy still in God confiding; 
Fruitful, if in Christ abiding; 
Holy, through the Spirit’s guiding: All must be well.

We expect a bright tomorrow; All will be well. 
Faith can sing through days of sorrow, All, all is well. 
On our Father's love relying, 
Jesus every need supplying; 
Or in living, or in dying, All must be well.

©


Song 296. Take the Name of Jesus with You (words only)

Take the name of Jesus with you, 
Child of sorrow and of woe; 
It will joy and comfort give you, 
Take it then wher-e’er  you go.

C. Precious name, oh how sweet! Hope of earth and joy of heaven; precious name, oh how sweet! Hope of earth and joy of heaven.

Take the name of Jesus ever, 
As a shield from every snare; 
If temptations round you gather, 
Breathe that holy name in prayer.

O the precious name of Jesus! 
How it thrills our souls with joy, 
When His loving arms receive us, 
And His songs our tongues employ!

At the name of Jesus bowing, 
Falling prostrate at His feet, 
King of Kings in Heav’n will crown Him, 
When our journey is complete.

©


Song 297. The Person of the Christ

The person of the Christ,
Enfolding ev'ry grace,
Once slain, but now alive again,
In heav'n demands our praise.

With joy of Him we sing, 
Since we with Him are dead:
Our life is hid with Christ in God,
In Christ the Church's Head.

The heav'ns are opened now!
Proclaim thro' earth abroad;
And we, by faith, in heav'n behold
Our Savior, Christ, the Lord!

©


Song 298. Unto Him Who Loved Us (words only)

Unto Him who loved us - gave us 
Every pledge that love could give, 
Freely shed His blood to save us, 
Gave His life that we might live, 
Be the kingdom and dominion and the glory ever more!

©


Song 299. This World is a Wilderness Wide (words only)

This world is a wilderness wide - 
I have nothing to seek or to choose; 
I've no tho’t in the waste to abide 
I've naught to regret or to lose.

The path where my Savior is gone 
Has led up to His Father and God 
To the place where He's now on the throne, 
And His strength shall be mine on the road.

With Him shall my rest be on high, 
When in holiness bright I sit down - 
In the joy of His love ever nigh - 
In the peace that His presence shall crown.

‘Tis the treasure I've found in His love 
That has made me a pilgrim below; 
And ‘tis there, when I reach Him above, 
As I'm known, all His fullness I'll know.

And Savior, ‘tis Thou from on high 
I await till the time Thou shalt come 
To take Him Thou hast led by Thine eye, 
To Thyself, in Thy heavenly home.

©


Song 301. We Are By Christ Redeemed

We are by Christ redeemed, The cost, His precious blood;
Be nothing by our souls esteemed, Like this great good!
Were the vast world our own, With all its varied store,
And Thou Lord Jesus wert unknown, We still were poor!

Our earthen vessels break, The world itself grows old;
But Christ our precious dust will take and freshly mould:
He'll give these bodies vile A fashion like His own,
He'll bid the whole creation smile, And hush its groan!

Thus far by grace preserved, Each moment speeds us on;
The crown and kingdom are reserved Where Christ is gone.
When cloudless morning shines, We shall His glory share;
In pleasant places are the lines! The home how fair!

To Him our weakness clings, Through tribulation sore,
And seeks the covert of His wings Till all be o'er;
And when we've run the race And fought the faithful fight,
We then shall see Him face to face, With saints in light!

©


Song 303. Jesus Shall Reign

Jesus shall reign where'er the sun
Does his successive journeys run;
His kingdom spread from shore to shore,
Till moons shall wax and wane no more.

From north to south the princes meet
To pay their homage at His feet;
While western empires own their Lord,
And savage tribes attend His word.

To Him shall endless prayer be made,
And endless praises crown His head;
His name like sweet perfume shall rise
With every morning sacrifice.

People and realms of every tongue
Dwell on His love with sweetest song,
And infant voices shall proclaim
Their early blessings on His name.

©


Song 304. O Thou, Whose Bounty Fills Our Cup (words only)

O Thou, whose bounty fills our cup 
With every blessing meet! 
We give Thee thanks for every drop, 
The bitter and the sweet.

We thank Thee for the desert road, 
And for the river side; 
For all Thy goodness has bestowed, 
And all Thy grace denied.

We thank Thee for the smile and frown, 
And for the gain and loss; 
We bless thee for the future crown, 
And for the present cross.

We bless Thee for the glad increase, 
And for the waning joy; 
And for the calm and settled peace
Which nothing can destroy.

©


Song 305. What Love It Was (words only)

What love it was that brought Thee down, 
Down to the depths in which I lay, 
That made Thee leave Thy glory-throne, 
In Servant's form to tread Thy way; 
Yet lower still to death to go, 
That I might never judgment know.

My place is now in Thee above, 
By virtue of Thy precious blood, 
Before Thy Father's face in love, 
Made now my Father and my God. 
Oh! That my feeble voice might swell 
The praise of Him who loves so well.

'Tis love that cannot be explained, 
It is too wonderful, too vast, 
The heart of God alone contained, 
Such thoughts divine in ages past. 
But oh! I know it rests on me, 
And will throughout eternity.

Oh! Fill me Lord yet more and more, 
So that my heart e'en here below, 
From Thy love's rich and boundless store, 
Be satisfied and overflow. 
Full with the blessing Thou hast giv'n.  
The foretaste now of what makes heaven.

©


Song 309. Behold the Throne of Grace! (words only)

Behold the throne of grace! 
The promise calls us near! 
To seek our God and Father's face, 
Who loves to answer prayer.

That rich atoning blood, 
Which sprinkled ‘round we see, 
Provides for those who come to God 
An all-prevailing plea.

My soul, ask what thou wilt, 
Thou canst not be too bold: 
Since His own blood for thee was spilt, 
What else can He withhold?

Beyond our utmost wants 
His love and power can bless: 
To praying souls He always grants 
More than they can express.

Since ‘tis the Lord's command, 
Our mouth we’ll open wide: 
Lord, open Thou Thy bounteous hand, 
That we may be supplied.

Thine image Lord, bestow, 
Thy presence and Thy love: 
We ask to serve Thee here below, 
And reign with Thee above.

©


Song 310. From Ev’ry Stormy Wind (words only)

From ev’ry stormy wind that blows, 
From every swelling tide of woes, 
There is a safe, sure hiding place 
‘Tis found before the Throne of grace.

There is a place where Jesus sheds 
The oil of gladness on our heads, 
Where we by faith behold His face, 
Who sits upon the Throne of grace.

There as on eagle's wings we soar, 
And time and sense seem all no more, 
Fresh strength to run our pilgrim race 
We gather from the Throne of grace.

God's wondrous help in time of need, 
Which brings deliverance indeed. 
And all His mercy, we may trace 
As coming from the Throne of grace.

Ah! whither could we flee for aid, 
When tempted, desolate, dismayed? 
How fearful then would be our case, 
Had suff’ring saints no Throne of grace!

©


Song 311. God Moves in a Mysterious Way (words only)

God moves in a mysterious way,
His wonders to perform;
He plants His footsteps in the sea,
And rides upon the storm.

Deep in unfathomable mines
Of never failing skill,
He treasures up His bright designs,
And works His sovereign will.

Ye fearful saints, fresh courage take;
The clouds ye so much dread
Are big with mercy, and shall break
In blessings on your head.

Judge not the Lord by feeble sense,
But trust Him for His grace;
Behind a frowning providence
He hides a smiling face.

His purposes will ripen fast,
Unfolding ev’ry hour;
The bud may have a bitter taste,
But sweet will be the flow’r.

Blind unbelief is sure to err,
And scan His work in vain;
God is His own interpreter,
And He will make it plain.

©


Song 312. Father, to Seek Thy Face (words only)

Father, to seek Thy face Thy children now draw near;
Before the throne of grace with boldness we appear: 
We plead His name, His precious blood, 
Who loved, and made us priests to God.

No more we shun the light, No more Thy presence fear; 
In robes of spotless white Before Thee we appear: 
Our great high priest for us is there, 
And He presents our praise and prayer.

No power have we to praise Thy name, O God of love;
Unless Thy Spirit raise our thoughts and hearts above; 
His grace avails in all our needs, 
May He our priestly worship lead!

Lord, give us faith to plead Thy true and faithful word;
Grace for each time of need, And help to us afford: 
Thy promises in Christ are yea, 
In Him, Amen! To endless day.

©


Song 313. Jesus, Before Thy Face We Fall

Jesus, before Thy face we fall -
Our Lord, our life, our hope, our all!
For we have nowhere else to flee -
No sanctuary, Lord, but Thee!

In Thee we every glory view,
Of safety, strength and beauty too:
'Tis all our rest and peace to see
Our sanctuary, Lord, in Thee!

Whatever foes or fears betide,
In Thy blest presence we may hide;
And while we rest our souls on Thee,
Thou wilt our Sanctuary be!

Through time with all its changing scenes,
Through all the grief that intervenes,
This shall support each fainting heart -
That Thou our Sanctuary art!

©


Song 315. Draw Me Nearer

I am Thine, O Lord, I have heard Thy voice,
And it told Thy love to me;
But I long to rise in the arms of faith,
And be closer drawn to Thee.

C. Draw me nearer, nearer blessed Lord,
To the cross where Thou hast died.
Draw me nearer, nearer, nearer blessed Lord,
To Thyself now glorified.

Consecrate me now to Thy service, Lord,
By the power of grace divine;
Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope,
And my will be lost in Thine.

Oh, the pure delight of a single hour
That before Thy throne I spend,
When I kneel in prayer, and with Thee, my God,
I commune as friend with friend!

There are depths of love that I cannot know
Till I cross the narrow sea;
There are heights of joy that I may not reach
Till I rest in peace with Thee.

©


Song 316. Lord, Speak to Me

Lord, speak to me, that I may speak
In living echoes of Thy tone;
As Thou hast sought, so let me seek
Thy erring children lost and lone.

O teach me, Lord, that I may teach
The precious things Thou dost impart;
And wing my words, that they may reach
The hidden depths of many a heart.

O fill me with Thy fullness, Lord,
Until my very heart o'erflow
In kindling thought and glowing word,
Thy love to tell, Thy praise to show.

O use me, Lord, use even me,
Just as Thou wilt, and when, and where;
Until Thy blessed face I see,
Thy rest, Thy joy, Thy glory share.

©


Song 318. Lord Jesus, Thou Who Only Art

Lord Jesus, Thou who only art
The endless source of purest joy,
O come and fill this longing heart;
may nought but Thee my thoughts employ.
Teach me on Thee to fix my eye,
For none but Thee can satisfy.

The joys of earth can never fill
The heart that’s tasted of Thy love;
No portion would I seek until
I reign with Thee, my Lord, above,
When I shall gaze upon Thy face,
And know more fully all Thy grace.

When from Thy radiant throne on high
Thou didst my fall and ruin see,
Thou cam’st on earth for me to die,
That I might share that throne with Thee.
Loved with an everlasting love,
My hopes, my joys are all above.

O what is all that earth can give?
I’m called to share in God’s own joy;
Dead to the world, in Thee I live,
In Thee I’ve bliss without alloy:
Well may I earthly joys resign;
All things are mine, and I am Thine!

Till Thou shalt come to take me home,
Be this my one ambition, Lord,
Self, sin, the world, to overcome,
Fast clinging to Thy faithful Word;
More of Thyself each day to know,
And more into Thine image grow.

©


Song 319. Prayer is the Soul's Sincere Desire (words only)

Prayer is the soul's sincere desire, 
Uttered or unexpressed, 
The motion of a hidden fire 
That trembles in the breast.

Prayer is the burden of a sigh, 
The falling of a tear, 
The upward glancing of an eye 
When none but God is near.

Prayer is the simplest form of speech 
That infant lips can try; 
Prayer, the sublimest strains that reach 
The Majesty on high.

Prayer is the Christian's vital breath, 
The Christian's native air; 
His watchword at the gates of death: 
He enters heav’n with prayer

The saints, in prayer appear as one, 
In word, and deed, and mind,
While with the Father and the Son,
Sweet fellowship they find.

O Thou by whom we come to God, 
The life, the truth, the way! 
The path of prayer Thyself hast trod: 
Lord, teach us how to pray!

©


Song 321. Sweet Hour of Prayer (words only)

Sweet hour of prayer! Sweet hour of pray’r, 
That calls me from a world of care, 
And bids me at my Father's throne, 
Make all my wants and wishes known. 
In seasons of distress and grief 
My soul has often found relief; 
And oft escaped the tempter's snare, 
By thy return, sweet hour of pray’r.

Sweet hour of prayer! Sweet hour of pray’r, 
The joy I feel, the bliss I share, 
Of those whose anxious spirits burn 
With strong desires for Thy return!
With such I hasten to the place 
Where God, my Savior, shows His face, 
And gladly take my station there, 
And wait for thee, sweet hour of pray’r.

Sweet hour of prayer! Sweet hour of pray’r, 
Thy wings shall my petition bear 
To Him whose truth and faithfulness 
Engage the waiting soul to bless; 
And since He bids me seek His face, 
Believe His word, and trust His grace, 
I'll cast on Him my every care, 
And wait for thee sweet hour of pray’r.

©


Song 323. Teach Me Thy Way, O Lord

Teach me Thy way, O Lord! Teach me Thy way! 
Thy gracious aid afford, Teach me Thy way! 
Help me to walk aright, More by faith, less by sight; 
Lead me with heav’nly light, Teach me Thy way!

When I am sad at heart, Teach me Thy way!
When earthly joys depart, Teach me Thy way!
In hours of loneliness, in times of dire distress,
In failure or success, Teach me Thy way!

When doubts and fears arise, Teach me Thy way! 
When storms o’er spread the skies, Teach me Thy way! 
Shine through the cloud and rain, Through sorrow, toil and pain; 
Make Thou my pathway plain, Teach me Thy way!

Long as my life shall last, Teach me thy way! 
Where’er my lot be cast, Teach me Thy way! 
Until the race is run, until the journey's done, 
Until the crown is won, Teach me Thy way!

©


Song 325. O Lord, Where’er Thy People Meet (words only)

O Lord, where’er Thy people meet,
There they behold Thy mercy seat: 
Where’er they seek Thee, Thou art found,
And every place is hallowed ground.

Here may we prove the pow’r of prayer 
To strengthen faith and banish care; 
To teach our faint desires to rise, 
And bring all heav’n before our eyes

Lord! We are weak, but Thou art near, 
nor short Thine arm, nor deaf Thine ear; 
Oh, fill us with Thy grace divine, 
And may our hearts be holy Thine!

©


Song 326. Leaning on the Everlasting Arms

What a fellowship, what a joy divine,
Leaning on the everlasting arms;
What a blessedness, what a peace is mine,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

C. Leaning, Leaning, Safe and secure from all alarms;
Leaning, Leaning, Leaning on the everlasting arms.

Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way,
Leaning on the everlasting arms;
Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

What have I to dread, what have I to fear,
Leaning on the everlasting arms;
I have blessed peace with my Lord so near,
Leaning on the everlasting arms.

©


Song 327. What a Friend We Have in Jesus

What a Friend we have in Jesus, All our sins and griefs to bear!
What a privilege to carry Everything to God in prayer!
O what peace we often forfeit, O what needless pain we bear,
All because we do not carry Everything to God in prayer!

Have we trials and temptations? Is there trouble anywhere?
We should never be discouraged, Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Can we find a friend so faithful Who will all our sorrows share?
Jesus knows our every weakness, Take it to the Lord in prayer.

Are we weak and heavy-laden, Cumbered with a load of care?
Precious Savior, still our refuge - Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Do thy friends despise, forsake thee? Take it to the Lord in prayer;
In His arms He'll take and shield thee, Thou wilt find a solace there.

©


Song 331. The Church's One Foundation

The church's one foundation 
Is Jesus Christ her Lord; 
She is His new creation 
By water and the word: 
From heav’n He came and sought her 
To be His holy bride; 
With His own blood He bought her, 
And for her life He died.

Elect from every nation, 
Yet one o’er all the earth; 
Her charter of salvation -
One Lord, one Faith, one birth; 
One holy name she blesses, 
Partakes one holy food; 
And to one hope she presses, 
With every grace endued.

‘Mid toil and tribulation;
And tumults of her war, 
She waits the consummation 
Of peace forevermore: 
Till with the vision glorious 
Her longing eyes are blest, 
And the great church victorious, 
Shall be the church at rest.

©


Song 332. The Perfect Righteousness of God

The perfect righteousness of God
Is witnessed in the Saviour's blood;
'Tis in the cross of Christ we trace
His righteousness, yet wondrous grace.

God could not pass the sinner by,
His sin demands that he must die;
But in the cross of Christ we see
How God can save us righteously.

The sin is on the Saviour laid,
'Tis in His blood sin's debt is paid;
Stern Justice can demand no more,
And Mercy can dispense her store.

The sinner who believes is free,
Can say: "The Saviour died for me;"
Can point to the atoning blood,
And say: "This made my peace with God."

©


Song 338. The Lord Himself Shall Come (words only)

The Lord Himself shall come, And shout a quick’ning word; 
Thousands shall answer from the tomb, “Forever with the Lord!”

Then, as we upward fly, That resurrection word 
Shall be our shout of victory - “Forever with the Lord!”

“Knowing as we are known!” - How shall we love that word! 
How oft repeat before the throne, “Forever with the Lord!”

There with unwearied gaze Our eyes on Him we’ll rest, 
And satisfy with endless praise A heart supremely blessed.

That Resurrection word, That shout of victory -
Once more: “Forever with the Lord!” Amen, so let it be!

©


Song 341. Buried in Symbol (words only)

Is it Thy will that I should be 
Buried, in symbol, Lord, with Thee; 
Owning Thee by this solemn sign, 
Telling the world that I am thine?

Gladly I yield obedience now; 
In all things to Thy will I'd bow; 
I'll follow where my Savior led, 
And humbly in His footsteps tread.

This emblematic, wat’ry grave 
Shows forth His love – who came to save; 
And as I enter it, I see 
The price my Savior paid for me.

Forth from Thy burial, Lord, I come, 
For thou hast triumphed o’er the tomb; 
Thy resurrection life I share - 
My portion is no longer here.

Oh, may I count myself to be
Dead to the sins that wounded Thee, 
Dead to the pleasures of this earth, 
Unworthy of my heav’nly birth.

Lord Jesus, when I gaze on Thee, 
And all Thy radiant glory see, 
That joy will far exceed the shame 
I bear on earth for Thy loved name.

©


Song 343. Baptismal Hymn (words only)

Around Thy grave, Lord Jesus, In spirit here we stand, 
With hearts all full of praises, To keep the blest command. 
By faith our souls rejoicing To trace the path of love, 
Through death’s dark angry billows Up to the throne above.

Lord Jesus, we remember the travail of Thy soul, 
When in thy love's deep pity The waves did o’er Thee roll. 
Baptized in death's cold waters For us Thy blood was shed, 
For us Thou, Lord of glory Wast numbered with the dead.

O Lord, Thou now art risen, Thy travail all is o’er; 
For sin Thou once hast suffered - Thou liv’st to die no more. 
Sin, death, and hell, are vanquished By Thee, the Church's head; 
And now we share Thy triumph, Thou Firstborn from the dead.

Unto Thy death baptized, We own with Thee we died; 
With Thee, our Life, we’re risen: And shall be glorified. 
From sin, the world, and Satan, We’re ransomed by Thy blood, 
And here would walk as strangers, alive with Thee to God.

©


Song 346. Break Thou the Bread of Life (words only)

Break Thou the bread of life, Dear Lord to me, 
As thou didst break the loaves beside the sea. 
Beyond the sacred page I seek Thee Lord; 
My spirit pants for Thee, O living word!

Break Thou the bread of life, O Lord, to me,
That hid within my heart Thy word may be:
Mould Thou each inward thought, from self set free,
And let my steps be all Controlled by Thee.

Open Thy word of truth, That I may see 
Thy message written clear And plain for me; 
Then in sweet fellowship walking with Thee, 
Thine image on my life Engraved will be.

Bless Thou the truth, dear Lord, To me, to me, 
As thou didst bless the bread By Galilee: 
Then shall all bondage cease, All fetters fall; 
And I shall find my peace, My All in All!

©


Song 349. Jesus our Savior (words only)

Jesus our Savior and our Lord! 
To Thee we lift our eyes; 
Teach and instruct us by Thy word,
And make us truly wise.

Make us to know and understand 
Thy whole reveal-ed will; 
Fain would we learn to comprehend 
Thy love more clearly still.

Lord! May Thy word our thoughts engage 
In each perplexing case; 
Help us to feed on every page, 
And grow in every grace.

Oh let it purify our heart, 
And guide us all our days! 
Thy wonders, Lord, to us impart, 
And thou shalt have the praise!

©